Glossary of Key Terms
(Words in bold type can be referenced elsewhere in the glossary; Tibetan and
Sanskrit words are given in italics and text names in italics. For a description of
the meditational deities forming the maṇḍala of the Peaceful and Wrathful
Deities see Appendix Two.)
Abhidhrma mngon-pa’i chos
This is a generic term referring to the classical Buddhist literature on
phenomenology, psychology, epistemology, and cosmology.
Abhirati mngon-par dga’-ba, Skt. Abhirati
The eastern buddha field of Manifest Joy is the pure realm associated with the
male buddha Akṣobhya-Vajrasattva.
Abiding Nature of Reality gnas-lugs
The ‘abiding nature of reality’ is a synonym for emptiness as well as the
expanse of actual reality (dharmadhātu).
Absence of Self-identity bdag-med, Skt. nairātmya
See Selflessness.
Accomplished Master grub-thob, Skt. siddha
An accomplished master is one who has fully developed the supreme and
common spiritual accomplishments.
Accomplishement dngos-grub, Skt. siddhi
Spiritual accomplishments may be supreme or common. The former (mchog-gi
dngos-grub) refers to the accomplishment of enlightement or buddhahood. The
latter (thun-mong-gi dngos-grub) are a series of mystical powers gained through
meditative practices, which are based on mantra recitation in the context of
specific rituals.
Accumulation tshogs, Skt. sambhāra
The Tibetan word tshogs generally has two senses, corresponding to the Sanskrit
sambhāra and gaṇa. In the former case it refers to the two accumulations of
merit (Tib. bsod-nams-kyi tshogs, Skt. puṇyasambhāra) and pristine cognition
(Tib. ye-shes-kyi tshogs, Skt. jñānasambhāra), which are gathered by
bodhisattvas on the path to buddhahood. The fulfilment of the ‘two
accumulations’ constitutes the fruition of the entire path, according to the
Greater Vehicle (Mahāyāna), resulting in the maturation of the Buddha-body
of Form (rūpakāya) and the Buddha-body of Reality (dharmakāya)
respectively. For the second meaning of tshogs, see Feast-offering.
Accumulation of Merit bsod-nams-kyi tshogs, Skt. puṇyasambhāra
See Merit.
Actual Reality chos-nyid, Skt. dharmatā
According to the Greater Vehicle or Mahāyāna Buddhism, actual reality is a
synonym for emptiness (śūnyatā), which refers to the ultimate nature of reality.
See also Apparent reality.
Aeon bskal-pa, Skt. kalpa
The aeon is a fundamentally important concept in the traditional Indian and
Buddhist understanding of cyclical time. According to Abhidharma literature, a
great aeon (mahākalpa) is divided into eighty lesser or intervening aeons. In the
course of one great aeon, the external universe and its sentient life-forms unfold
and disappear. During the first twenty of the lesser aeons, the universe is in the
process of creation and expansion (vivartakalpa); during the next twenty it
remains created; during the third twenty, it is in the process of destruction or
contraction (samvartakalpa); and during the last quarter of the cycle, it remains
in a state of destruction.
Aggregate phung-po, Skt. skandha
A general philosophical term referring to the principal psycho-physical
components which constitute the mind-body complex of a sentient being.
Buddhist literature speaks of five such components, technically known as the
five psycho-physical aggregates (pañcaskandha). These are: the aggregate of
form (rūpaskandha), the aggregate of feelings (vedanāskandha), the aggregate
of perceptions (saṃjñāskandha ), the aggregate of motivational tendencies
(saṃskāraskandha), and the aggregate of consciousness (vijñānaskandha). The
Tibetan term phung-po, like its Sanskrit counterpart, literally means a ‘heap’ or a
‘pile’, an aggregate of many parts. Sentient beings in the desire and form
realms manifestly possess all the five aggregates and those in the formless
realm only the four mental aggregates.
Aggregate of Consciousness rnam-par shes-pa’i phung-po, Skt.
vijñānaskandha
In the context of our text the aggregate of consciousness comprises the so-called
‘eight classes of consciousness’ (rnam-shes tshogs-brgyad). These are: 1) the
ground-of-all consciousness (kun-gzhi rnam-par shes-pa), which is an
undifferentiated foundational consciousness underlying all the other aspects of
consciousness in which are stored the imprints left by past experiences; 2) the
deluded consciousness (nyonmong yid-kyi rnam-par shes-pa), which is pervaded
by fundamental ignorance and is responsible for our sense of selfhood and
dualistic misapprehension of the true nature of phenomena; 3) the mental
consciousness (yid-kyi rnam-par shes-pa), which objectively refers to mental
constructs, thoughts and the experience of our senses; 4) visual consciousness
(mig-gi rnam-par shes-pa); 5) auditory consciousness (rna’i rnam-par shes-pa);
6) olfactory consciousness (sna’i rnam-par shes-pa); 7) gustatory consciousness
(lce’i rnam-par shes-pa); and 8) tactile consciousness (luskyi rnam-par shes-pa).
Aggregate of Feelings tshor-ba’i phung-po, Skt. vedanāskandha
The aggregate of feelings encompasses the pleasant, unpleasant, and neutral
sensations which arise as an immediate reaction to objects of our senses.
Aggregate of Form gzugs-kyi phung-po, Skt. rūpaskandha
The aggregate of form includes both the subtle and manifest forms derived from
the elements and experienced through the five senses, including, of course, our
bodies and the environment. The aggregate of form is considered to have fifteen
aspects, namely those related to the elements, earth, water, fire and wind; those
related to the five sense objects, visual forms, sounds, smells, tastes, and
contacts; those related to the five sense-organs, eye, ear, nose, tongue, and body,
and, lastly, that aspect related to imperceptible forms which are said to be
continuously present throughout past, present and future time.
Aggregate of Motivational Tendencies ‘du-byas-kyi phung-po, Skt.
saṃskāraskandha
The aggregate of motivational tendencies, sometimes translated also as ‘mental
formations’, refers to the array of specific types of causative mental states which
give rise to our characteristic perspectives and emotions and which in turn
condition our actions. These are the motivating impulses behind our thoughts,
speech and actions which relate in specific ways to the perceived object. This
aggregate includes the numerous modalities of the mind, such as the fifty-one
mental factors listed in the abhidharma texts, as well as our habits,
dispositions, and conceptualisation tendencies.
Aggregate of Perceptions ‘du-shes-kyi phung-po, Skt. saṃjñāskandha
The aggregate of perceptions recognises and identifies forms and objects. It
differentiates one form/object from another and names them. This process
includes extensive, minute, and mediocre modes of objectifying perception.
Akaniṣṭha ’og-min
The central buddha field of Akaniṣṭha (lit. the ‘Highest’), also known as the
Dense Array (Ghanavyūha), is the pure realm associated with the male buddha
Vairocana.
Alakāvatī lcang-lo-can
Alakāvatῑ is the name of the abode of the male bodhisattva Vajrapāṇi.
All-surpassing Realisation thod-rgal, Skt. vyutkrāntaka
See under Cutting through Resistance.
Altruistic Intention to Attain Enlightenment sems-bskyed, Skt. cittotpāda
See Bodhicitta.
Ancillary Commitments yan-lag-gi dam-tshig
See Commitments.
Anguished Spirits yi-dvags, Skt. preta
Among the six classes of living beings, the anguished spirits are characterised as
being in a state of existence which, in terms of the degree of suffering, is
intermediate to the animal and hell realms. Born as a result of a preponderance
of miserliness in their past actions, they are characterised by unsatisfied craving.
Antigod lha-ma-yin, Skt. asura
One of six classes of living beings (’gro-ba rigs-drug). The mode of being and
activity of the antigods is said to be engendered and dominated by envy, self
centred ambition and hostility. They are metaphorically described as being
incessantly embroiled in a dispute with the gods (Skt. deva/sura) over the
possession of a magical tree.
Anuyoga rjes su rnal-’byor
The eighth of the nine vehicles, and second of the three inner classes of tantra,
according to the Nyingma school of Tibetan Buddhism. Anuyoga emphasises the
perfection stage of meditation (sampannakrama).
Apparent Reality chos-can, Skt. dharmin
According to the Greater Vehicle, the apparent reality of phenomena refers to
the world of conventional truth characterised by duality, cause and effect and
multiplicity. This is contrasted with the actual reality, which is the ultimate
nature of phenomena. See Two Truths.
Arhat dgra-bcom-pa
A being who has attained freedom from the cycle of existence (samsāra) by
eliminating the karmic tendencies and the dissonant mental states which give
rise to compulsive existence in a cycle of death and rebirth. Arhat, literally
‘worthy’, is interpreted to mean ‘Foe Destroyer’, the foe in this context being the
dissonant mental states which are at the root of our conditioned existence. The
status of an arhat is the ideal goal to which practitioners of the Lesser Vehicle
aspire. An individual person who becomes an arhat has still not become a fully
enlightened buddha. This is because the attainment of buddhahood requires, in
addition to the elimination of the dissonant mental states, a total overcoming of
all the habitual tendencies imprinted upon our mental continuum by our long
association with deluded states of mind. In other words, the attainment of full
enlightenment requires the total overcoming of all personal limitations, which
can be achieved only through a path that possesses the unification of the skilful
means of universal compassion together with the discriminative awareness
directly perceiving the actual nature of reality, at the most profound level.
Ascending and Core-penetrating yar-gyi zang-thal
According to Atiyoga, the attainment of the Buddha-body of Reality
(dharmakāya) is described as ‘ascending and core-penetrating’ (yar-gyi zang
thal). Here, ‘ascending’ (yar-gyi) refers to the upward movement of
consciousness through the mentral channel of the body and the consequent
‘core-penetrating’ to the transformation of consciousness into the pristine
cognition of reality’s expanse (dharmadhātujñāna).
Atiyoga shin-tu rnal-’byor
The highest or ninth of the nine vehicles, and the third of the three inner classes
of tantra, according to the Nyingma school of Tibetan Buddhism, which is
otherwise known as the Great Perfection (rdzogs-pa chen-po). See Great
Perfection.
Attachment ’dod-chags, Skt. rāga
One of the ‘three poisons’ (dug-gsum) of the mind, along with delusion and
aversion. In its extreme manifestation, in the form of insatiable craving, it is said
to characterise the worlds of the anguished spirits (pretaloka).
Aural Lineage of Authoritative Personages gang-zag snyan-brgyud
One of the six lineages through which the Buddhist teachings are transmitted.
The aural lineage of authoritative persons refers to the historical line of
accomplished masters who have been responsible for aurally transmitting the
Buddhist teachings through successive generations.
Auspicious Aeon bskal-pa bzang-po, Skt. bhadrakalpa
The name of the present aeon of time, during which one thousand buddhas are
predicted to appear in succession. Among these, Sākyamuni Buddha is regarded
as the fourth and Maitreya as the fifth.
Avalokiteśara spyan-ras gzigs dbang-phyug
Avalokiteśvara is regarded as the embodiment of the compassionate aspect of the
mind of all the buddhas, manifesting in the form of a meditational deity. He is
revered as the patron deity of Tibet and has many different aspects, the most
popular including the seated four-armed white form and ‘thousand-armed’ form
Mahākaruṇika. Our text refers to Avalokiteśvara as one of the eight principal
male bodhisattvas. See Appendix Two, pp. 390-91.
Aversion zhe-sdang, Skt. dveṣa
One of the ‘three poisons’ (dug-gsum) of the mind. In Buddhist literature, the
terms aversion and hatred are often used interchangeably with anger. In its subtle
manifestation aversion is said to obstruct an individual from a correct perception
of forms. In its extreme manifestation, as overwhelming hatred and fear, it is said
to be characteristic of the worlds of the hells (narakaloka).
Awareness rig-pa, Skt. vidyā
As an ordinary verb, the Tibetan term rig-pa means ‘to know’ or ‘to be aware’.
When used as a noun, it has several distinct though not unrelated meanings,
corresponding to the Sanskrit vidyā: 1) as a general term encompassing all
experiences of consciousness and mental events, 2) as intelligence or mental
aptitude, 3) as a science or knowledge-based discipline, 4) as a pure awareness.
Our text generally assumes the last of these meanings, in which cases it is a
synonym or abbreviation for intrinsic awareness (rang-rig). See under
Intrinsic Awareness.
Awareness Holder rig-’dzin, Skt. vidyādhara
The awareness holders or knowledge holders are embodiments of the great
accomplished masters who have attained the highest realisations of the
tantras. Amongst those whose accomplishments are classified as supramundane
are Padmasambhava and Vimalamitra, who have transcended the span of human
life, having attained the rainbow body through the practices of the Great
Perfection. Five kinds of awareness holder are particularly identified, and their
realisations are said to parallel those of the bodhisattva and buddha levels,
namely the awareness holders of maturation, those with power over the lifespan,
those abiding on the levels, those of the Great Seal, and those of spontaneous
presence.
Basic Commitments rtsa-ba’i dam-tshig, Skt. mūlasamaya
See Commitment.
Beguiling Forces bdud, Skt. māra
See Malevolent Forces.
Being of Commitment dam-tshig sems-dpa’, Skt. samayasattva.
When deities are visualised in meditation, the form of the deity that is visually
generated by the meditator is known as the Being of Commitment. This is
differentiated from the Being ofPristine Cognition ( jñānasattva, Tib. ye-shes
sems-dpa’) or the actual meditational deity, which is invited to enter into the
visualised form.
Being of Pristine Cognition ye-shes sems-dpa’, Skt. jñānasattva
See above under Being of Commitment.
Bewildered Perception ’khrul-snang
The bewildering perceptions generated by the subject-object dichotomy.
Bewilderment ’khrul-pa, Skt. bhrānti
Bewilderment is the confusion arising from the subject-object dichotomy and
fundamental ignorance, on the basis of which rebirth in cyclic existence is
perpetuated.
Bewitchers ’gong-po
A class of malign spirits that are thought to frequent the atmosphere and the
earth, many of whom were bound under an oath of allegiance to Buddhism by
Padmasambhava during the eighth century. Their power to generate life
threatening obstacles, to assail bereaved persons, and so forth can be averted by
counteracting rituals.
Bhaiaṣajyaguru sman-bla
See Vaiḍūryaprabharāja.
Bessing byinrlabs, Skt. adhiṣṭhāna In the Buddhist context, the term blessing
should not be understood in terms of grace as in the case of theistic religions.
Rather, it relates to the sense of inspiration received from an external source,
which transforms or awakens the potentials inherent within an individual’s
mental continuum. Thus, the Tibetan word byinrlabs is interpreted to mean: ‘to
be transformed through inspiring magnificence’.
Blood-drinking [Heruka] khrag-’thung [he-ru-ka], Skt. heruka
The Sanskrit word heruka is interpreted to mean ‘one who delights in drinking
blood’ or ‘one who holds a skull filled with blood’, symbolising the wrathful
dynamic transformation of the deep-seated dissonant mental states.
Blood-filled skull dung-dmar, Skt. bhandha/bhānṇḍaka
In tantric iconography, meditational deities are often depicted holding skull
cups filled with blood. The human skull symbolises mortality and impermanence
while the blood represents the transmutation of dissonant mental states into
pristine cognition.
Bodhicitta byang-chub-kyi sems
An altruistic intention or aspiration to attain full enlightenment for the benefit
of all beings. Bodhicitta is cultivated on the basis of certain mental attitudes,
principal among them being the development of love and great compassion
towards all beings equally. The Tibetan tradition speaks of two major systems
for training one’s mind in the generation of bodhicitta: the first is Atiśa’s ‘seven
point cause and effect’ and the second is Śāntideva’s ‘equality and exchange of
oneself with others’. A genuine generation of bodhicitta is attained only when,
through the training of the mind, the aspiration to attain full enlightenment
becomes spontaneous and no longer requires any deliberate exertion. At that
stage the individual becomes a bodhisattva. Literally, bodhi means
‘enlighhtenment’, and citta, ‘mind’. The literature of the Greater Vehicle
speaks of two types of bodhicitta: the conventional bodhicitta and the ultimate
bodhicitta. The former refers to that aspect of bodhicitta defined above, whereas
the latter refers to the mind of enlightenment i.e. the discriminative awareness
directly realising emptiness, which is induced by the above altruistic aspiration.
The cultivation of an altruistic intention (sems-bskyed, Skt. cittotpāda) is
included among the preliminary practices (sngon-’gro), in which context it is
said to be an antidote for envy or self-centred ambition. In the tantras, however,
the term bodhicitta (byang-sems) specifically refers to the white/male and
red/female generative essences of the body.
Bodhisattva byang-chub sems-dpa’
A spiritual trainee dedicated to the cultivation and fulfilment of the altruistic
intention to attain enlightenment, who is gradually traversing the five
bodhisattva paths (pañcamārga) and ten bodhisattva levels (daśabhūmi). An
essential element of this commitment to work for others is the determination
purposely to remain within cyclic existence instead of simply seeking freedom
from suffering for oneself. Philosophically, the bodhisattva is said to have fully
realised the two aspects of selflessness, with respect to dissonant mentalstates
and the nature of all phenomena.
Bodhisattva Vows byang-chub sems-dpa’i sdom-pa, Skt. bodhisattvasaṃvara
See Vows.
Bon
An ancient spiritual tradition, considered by some scholars to be of Zoroastrian
or Kashmiri Buddhist origin, which was widespread in Tibet, particularly in the
far-western region of Zhangzhung prior to the official introduction and
establishment of Buddhism. Although its literature clearly distinguishes it from
both the indigenous shamanism or animism of Tibet and the Buddhist traditions,
it has over the last several hundred years assimilated many of the Buddhist
teachings and developed a neo-Buddhist theoretical foundation. The Bon
tradition is particularly strong in the Shang valley of Western Tibet, in Kongpo,
Khyungpo and the Ngawa region of Amdo.
Bone relics gdung/ring-srel
Within the tradition of the Great Perfection (rdzogs-pa chen-po), four kinds of
relics are said to be left behind following the death of an accomplished master.
These are: relics of the Buddha-body of Reality (chos-sku’i ring-srel ), relics in
the form of major and minor bone remains (sku-gdung ring-srel), relics in the
form of clothing (sku-bal ring-srel ), and relics of miniature size (nyung-ngu lta
bu’i ring-srel ). Among these, the major bone relics (gdung) and minor bone
relics (ring-srel) are retrieved from the funeral pyre. Biographical literature
suggests that the veneration of such relics has been continuously observed within
Buddhism from the time of Sākyamuni Buddha, whose own bone relics were
interred within eight stūpas. Five kinds of major bone relic are specifically
enumerated. See Chapter 14.
Brahman Class bram-ze’i rigs, Skt. brāhmaṇavarṇa
The priestly class, among the four traditional classes of Hindu society.
Buddha sangs-rgyas
The Sanskrit term buddha literally means ‘awakened’, ‘developed’, and
‘enlightened’. The Tibetan equivalent sangs-rgyas is a combination of sangs-pa
(‘awakened’ or ‘purified’), and rgyas-pa (‘developed’). These two words in this
context denote a full awakening from fundamental ignorance (avidyā) in the
form of the two obscurations (dvayāvaraṇa) and a full realisation of true
knowledge, i.e. the pristine cognition ( jñāna) of buddha-mind. A fully
awakened being is therefore one who, as a result of training the mind through the
bodhisattva paths, has finally realised his/ her full potential for complete
enlightenment (bodhi), and has eliminated all the obscurations to true
knowledge and liberation. Buddhas are characterised according to their five
fruitional aspects of buddha-body (kāya), buddha-speech (vāk), buddha-mind
(citta), buddha-attrattributes (guṇa), and buddha-activities (krṭyakriyā),
which are poetically described in some Tibetan literature as the ‘five wheels of
inexhaustible adornment’ (mi-zad-pa’i rgyan-gyi ’khor-lo lnga).
Buddha-activities phrin-las, Skt. kṛtyakriyā
In general, it is said that the principal activity of the buddhas is to bring about
the welfare of all sentient beings, an aim which initially motivated their
aspiration to attain the fully enlightened state. The Perfection of Discriminative
Awareness texts enumerate eighty inexhaustible buddha-activities, while some
commentarial treatises mention twenty-one enlightened activities of the
buddhas. With respect to the historical Buddha Sākyamuni, the Buddhist texts
list twelve principal deeds that exemplify his enlightened activities. These are in
succession: 1) the descent from the celestial realm of Tuṣita, 2) the entry into the
womb, 3 ) birth, 4) displaying mastery in worldly arts and skills, 5) enjoying the
women of the harem, 6) renouncing the worldly way of life, 7) undergoing
severe physical penances, 8) meditating under the tree of enlightenment, 9)
overcoming beguiling and malevolent forces, 10) attaining manifestly perfect
buddhahood, 1 1 ) turning the wheel of the sacred teachings , and 12)
entering the peaceful state of fnal nirvāṇa. In terms of skilful means, buddha
activity may be focused through four modalities: pacification, enrichment,
subjugation, and wrathful transformation. See Four Aspects of Enlightened
Activity. Finally, according to the literature of the Nyingma school, there is an
enumeration of five modes of buddha-activity when spontaneous or effortless
activity is included along with these modalities.
Buddha-attributes yon-tan, Skt. guṇa
The attributes of a buddha may be subsumed as specific qualities of buddha
body, spech and mind. The attributes of buddha-body are those associated with
the various ‘dimensions’ of buddha-body, described below, and more
specifically with the thirty-two major and eighty minor marks. Those of
buddha-speech are known as the ‘sixty melodies of Brahmā’, which implies
that buddha-speech is soothing, gentle, firm, audible from a great distance, and
so forth. The attributes of buddha-mind are threefold: compassion,
omniscience, and power. Furthermore, in the literature of the tantras, a
classification of five resultant enlightened attributes is given, namely: the pure
buddha field, the dimensionless celestial palace, the radiant and pure rays of
light, the exalted thrones of the deities, and the possession of consummate
resources.
Buddha-body sku, Skt. kāya
The term ‘buddha-body’ refers not only to the physical body of a buddha, but
also to the varying ‘dimensions’ in which the embodiment of fully enlightened
attributes is present. As such, the buddha-body can be categorised in different
ways, corresponding to the different levels of the teaching. For example, sūtras
of the Lesser Vehicle (hῑnayāna) speak of the Buddha-body ofReality
(dharmakāya) and the Buddha-body of Form (rūpakāya), while sūtras of the
Greater Vehicle (mahāyāna) generally mention three buddha-bodies (trikāya),
dividing the latter into the Buddha-body of Perfect Resource (sambhogakāya)
and the Buddha-bodyof Emanation (nirmāṇakāya). See below. In the sūtras
and treatises expounding buddha-nature (tathāgatagarbha), such as Maitreya’s
Supreme Continuum of the Greater Vehicle (Mahayanottaratantraśāstra), an
enumeration of four buddha-bodies (catuḥkāya) is mentioned. Here, the
Buddha-body of Essentiality (svabhāvikakāya) is added to the above three
buddha-bodies, to indicate either an active/passive distinction in the Buddha
body of Reality, or the underlying indivisible essence of the three buddha
bodies. In the tantras of the Nyingma school, there is an enumeration of five
buddha-bodies (pañcakāya) where the Buddha-body of Awakening
(abhisambodhikāya, Tib. mngon-byang-gi sku) refers to the apparitional modes
of the three buddha-bodies, and the Buddha-body of Indestructible Reality
(vajrakāya, Tib. rdo-rje’i sku) refers to their indivisible essence. Finally, in
Atiyoga, when the buddha-bodies are actualised, the Buddha-body of Reality is
known as the youthful vase body (gzhon-nu’i ’bum-pa’i sku) and the Buddha
bodyt of Form is known as the body of great transformation (’pho-ba chen-po’i
sku).
Buddha-bodyof Emanation sprul-sku, Skt. nirmāṇakāya
The Buddha-body of Emanation is the visible and usually physical manifestation
of fully enlightened beings which arises spontaneously from the expanse of the
Buddha-body of Reality, whenever appropriate, in accordance with the diverse
dispositions of sentient beings. The sūtras refer to three types of emanational
body in relation to Sākyamuni Buddha: (i) emanational birth in Tusita, (ii)
emanational art forms, and (iii) supreme emanation as one of the thousand
buddhas of the auspicious aeon. From the distinctive Nyingma perspective,
however, the three types of emanational body comprise: 1) natural emanations
(rang-bzhin sprul-sku), which are the buddhas of the five enlightened families
such as Vairocana in the forms they assume when appearing before bodhisattvas
of the highest level; 2 ) supreme emanations (mchog-gi sprul-sku) such as
Sākyamuni Buddha and the other buddhas of this aeon who initiate a new
teaching, and 3) diversified emanations (sna-tshogs sprul-sku), including oases,
food, medicine and other such material manifestations, which are of benefit to
living beings, as well as emanational art forms (bzo-bo sprul-sku) and
emanational births (skye-ba sprul-sku), such as those taken by Sākyamuni in
previous lives, for example as Prince Satśvetaketu in the god realm of Tuṣita.
Buddha-body of Form gzugs-sku, Skt. rūpakāya
According to the literature of the Lesser Vehicle (hῑnayāna) the Buddha-body of
Form refers to the thousand buddhas of the auspicious aeon, including
Sākyamuni. In the Greater Vehicle, however, the term includes both the
Buddha-body of Perfect Resource and the Buddha-bodyof Emanation.
According to Atiyoga, when the Buddha-body of Form is actualised through the
practices of All-surpassing Realisation , a rainbow-liht body is attained, and
this realisation is known as the Buddha-body of Great Transformation (’pho-ba
chen-po’i sku).
Buddha-body of Perfect Resource longs-spyod rdzogs-pa’i sku, Skt.
sambhogakāya
The Buddha-body of Perfect Resource refers to the luminous, immaterial, and
unimpeded reflection-like forms of the pure energy of enlightened mind,
exemplified in the case of our text by the assembly of the forty-two peaceful
deities and the fifty-eight wrathful deities (see Appendix Two), which become
spontaneously present (lhun-grub) and naturally manifest (rang-snang) at very
high levels of realisation, that is to say at the point at which the duality between
subject and object dissolves. The intermediate state of reality (chos-nyid bar
do) is considered to be an optimum time for the realisation of the Buddha-body
of Perfect Resource.
Buddha-body ofReality chos-sku, Skt. dharmakāya
The Buddha-body of Reality is the ultimate nature or essence of the enlightened
mind, which is uncreated (skye-med), free from the limits of conceptual
elaboration (spros-pa’i mtha’-bral ), empty of inherent existence (rang-bzhin
gyis stong-pa), naturally radiant, beyond duality and spacious like the sky. The
intermediate state of the time of death (’chi-kha’i bar-do) is considered to be
an optimum time for the realisation of the Buddha-body of Reality.
Buddha Family de-bzhin gshegs-pa’i rigs, Skt. tathāgatakula
One of the five enlightened families (pañcakula) into which the meditational
deities of the Buddha-body of Perfect Resource are subdivided. The deities of
the Buddha family include the peaceful aspects Vairocana and Dhātvῑśvarῑ and
the corresponding wrathful aspects Buddha Heruka and Buddhakrodheśvarῑ. See
Appendix Two.
Buddha Field zhings-khams, Skt. [buddha]kṣetra
The operational fields or ‘paradises’ presided over by specific buddhas, which
spontaneously arise as a result of their altruistic aspirations, are known as
buddha fields. Such environments are totally free from suffering, both physical
and mental, and they transcend the mundane god realms (devaloka) inhabited by
sentient beings of the world-systems of desire, form, and formlessness. It is
said that when sentient beings who have not yet been permanently released from
the bondage of cyclic existence have an affinity with a specific buddha and are
consequently born into a respective pure realm, they become temporarily free
not only from manifest sufferings of the body and mind but also from the
pervasive sufferings of past conditioning. Such fields or pure realms are
regarded as conducive to the continuing cultivation of the path to buddhahood.
Buiddhahood sangs-rgyas nyid / sangs-rgyas-kyi go-phang, Skt. buddhatva/
buddhapada
The attainment of a buddha, who has not only gained total freedom from
karmically conditioned existence and overcome all the tendencies imprinted on
the mind as a result of a long association with dissonant mental states, but also
fully realised or manifested all aspects of buddha-body, buddha-speech,
buddha-ind, buddha-attributes and buddha-actvities.
Buddha-mind thugs, Skt. citta
The term buddha-mind is synonymous with pristine cognition ( jñāna), five
modes of which are differentiated. See Pristine Cognition. In the particular
literature of the Nyingma school, these five modes are distinctively known as
manifest enlightenment (mngon-byang-gi thugs), indivisible indestructible
reality (mi-phyed rdo-rje’i thugs), great sameness (mnyam-pa chen-po’i thugs),
great non-discursiveness (mi-rtog chen-po’i thugs), and liberator of sentient
beings (’gro-ba’i sgrol-ba’i thugs).
Buddha Nature rigs, Skt. gotra
The seed of enlightenment inherent within the mental continuum of all sentient
beings. It is this potential which makes it possible for every individual to realise
the ultimate nature, given the application of appropriate methods. The notion of
buddha nature is intimately linked with the Buddhist concept of the essential
nature of mind, which according to Buddhism is considered to be pure, knowing
and luminous. Dissonant mental states such as attaahment, aversion and
jealousy, which perpetually afflict our mind and give rise to suffering, are not
the essential elements of our mind but adventitious and conditioned tendencies.
Moreover, these dissonant states are all rooted in an ignorant state of mind which
misapprehends the true nature of reality. Hence, through gaining genuine
insights into the true nature of reality, misconceptions can be dispelled, thus
cutting the root of all our dissonant mental states and allowing the buddha
nature within to manifest. The term ‘nucleus of the tathāgata’
(tathāgatagarbha) is a synonym for this essence of buddhahood.
Buddha-speech gsung, Skt. vāk
The speech of the buddhas is, according to Nyingma literature, said to have five
aspects in that the buddhas may communicate through 1) uncreated meaning
(skye-med don-gi gsung), 2) enlightened intention and symbols (dgongs-pa
brda’i gsung), 3) expressive words (brjod-pa tshig-gi gsung), 4) indivisible
reality (dbyer-med rdo-rje’i gsung), and 5 ) the blessings of awareness (rig-pa
byin-labs-kyi gsung). See Buddha Attributes and Mantra.
Burnt Offerings sbying-sreg, Skt. homa
A tantric ritualin which many substances, such as wheat, sesame seeds, and
mustard, etc., are burnt as offerings in a fire lit on a specifically designed hearth.
There are different types of burnt-offering rituals corresponding to the enactment
of the four rites related to the four aspecs of enlightened activity: pacification,
enrichment, subjugation and wrath.
Calm Abiding zhi-gnas, Skt. śamatha
Calm abiding is a meditative technique common to the entire Buddhist tradition,
characterised by a stabilisation of attention on an internal object of observation
conjoined with the calming of external distractions to the mind. Calm abiding is
an essential basis for training one’s mind in the generation of penetratrative
insight (vipaśyana), a true analytical insight into the more profound aspects of a
chosen object, such as its emptiness or ultimate nature.
Camaradvipa rnga-yab gling
The subcontinent Cāmaradvῑpa is particularly associated, in Nyingma literature,
with the Copper-oloured Moutain of Padmasambhava. See Four Continents
and Eight Subcontinents.
Caryatantra spyod-pa’i rgyud
See Ubhayatantra.
Causal Vehicles rgyu mtshan-nyid-kyi theg-pa
See Vehicle.
Cause and Efffect rgyu-’bras, Skt. hetuphala
In the context of Buddhist philosophy the term refers to the natural law that
exists between a cause and its effect. Some of the principal features of the law
are: 1) nothing evolves uncaused; 2) any entity which itself lacks a process of
change cannot cause any other event; and 3) only causes which possess natures
that accord with specific effects can lead to those effects. The term ‘cause and
effect’ is often used to translate the Sanskrit word karma, which literally means
‘action’. See Past Actions.
Celestial Palace gzhal-yas-khang, Skt. vimāna
See Maṇḍala.
Central Channel rtsa dbu-ma, Skt. avadhūti See Energy Channels.
Chang-bu Offerings chang-bu, Skt. piṇḍa
Finger-pressed strands of dough, which are made as offerings to assuage
anuished spirits and to appease negative forces.
Channel Branch rtsa-’dab
According to the tantras and related medical traditions, there are five energy
centres located along the central channel of the body at the focal points of the
crown, throat, heart, navel and genitalia. A specific number of channel branches
(rtsa-‘dab) emerges from each of these energy centres, and these in turn conduct
vital energy throughout the body through a network of 72,000 minor channels.
See Energy Channels.
Channel of Pristine Cognition ye-shes-kyi dhūti
According to the tantras, the channel of pristine cognition is a synonym for the
central channel of the body. See Vital Energy
Chiliocosm stong dang-po ’jig-rten-gyi khams, Skt. sahasralokadhātu
According to traditional Indian Buddhist cosmology, the world of the four
continents surrounding Mount Sumeru when multiplied one thousand times
forms a chiliocosm of parallel worlds (stong dang-po). The chiliocosm when
multiplied one thousand times forms a larger dichiliocosm (stong gnyis-pa),
which in turn when multiplied one thousand times forms an even larger
trichiliocosm (stong gsum-pa). This evolution of expanding worlds continues to
enlarge incrementally until the inconceivably vast number of multiple worlds is
reached, in which a single supreme Buddha-body of Emanation is said to
function simultaneously.
Citipati dur-khrod bdag-po bdag-mo
The Citipati are a pair of male and female acolytes of Yama, lord of death, who
are depicted as two skeletons in dancing posture, symbolising the rites of the
charnel ground.
Cittamatra sems-tsam-pa
One of the four major Buddhist philosophical schools of ancient India, also
known as Vijñānavāda, and associated in some respects with the Yogācāra
tradition. The Cittamātra (lit. ‘mind only’) school founded by the fourth-century
Indian master Asaṅga propounds an idealist or phenomenalistic view of the
world. Its main tenet is that all phenomena are either actual mental events or
extensions of the mind and the mind is regarded as existing as a substantially
real entity. In addition, the school propounds that there exists no atomically
composed material world external to, or independent of, our perceptions.
According to the Cittamātra school consciousness itself is considered to be
eightfold, with the ground-of-all consciousness as the foundation. See
Aggregate of Consciousness.
Cittamatrin sems rtsam-pa-po
A follower of the Cittamātra school.
Cvaṃcivaka shang-shang
A mythical creature with the head, arms, and torso of a human being, and the
wings and legs of a bird. The throne of the male uddha Amoghasiddhi assumes
the form of a cῑvaṃcῑvaka bird.
Coemergent 
Delight 
sahajasukha/sahajānanda
lhan-cig 
skyes-pa’i 
dga’-ba, 
Skt.
The coemergent delight is one of the four delights (dga’-ba bzhi) experienced
during the perfection stage (sampannakrama) of meditation. See Four
Delights. It is said that the coemergent delight is also naturally experienced at
the moment of death (see Chapter 8) and at the moment of conception (see
Chapter 11).
Coemergent Ignorance lhan-cig-skyes-pa’i ma-rig-pa, Skt. sahajāvidyā
See Fundamental Ignorance.
Coemergent Pristine Cognition lhan-skyes ye-shes, Skt. sahajajñāna
The natural emergence of pristine cognition that occurs during the perfection
stage of meditation, when vital energy is absorbed within the central channel of
the subtle body.
Commitement dam-tshig, Skt. samaya
A sacred commitment or pledge taken by a practitioner which is a prerequisite
for the practice of the tantras. The Tibetan ‘dam-tshig’ literally means ‘binding
word’, indicating that the person becomes bound by a solemn oath. Each class of
tantra has its own categorisation of basic and ancillary commitments, which
complement the prātimokṣa and bodhisattva vows taken by those who uphold
the vinaya and the sūtra tradition of the Greater Vehicule respectively. See
Vows. Samaya may entail the observation of specific precepts which are
common to a whole class of tantra, or individual precepts, which must be
observed in relation to a particular meditational deity. When such commitments
are broken they must be restored through appropriate tantric ritual practices, for
their degeneration may cause serious hindrances to progress on the path. See
Chapter 7.
Commitments of Indestructible Reality rdo-rje dam-tshig, Skt. vajrasamaya
A synonym for the commitments in general which are undertaken in the context
of the Vehicle of Indestructible Reality(Vajrayāna).
Commitments Undertaken in Respect of Reality de-kho-na-nyid-kyi dam
tshig
A synonym for the four commitments specific to the practice of Atiyoga.
Compassion snying-rje/thugs-rje, Skt. karunā
In Buddhist literature, the term ‘compassion’ is often used as a synonym for
‘great compassion’ (mahākarunā), which refers to a totally unbiased mind that
aspires to the liberation of all sentient beings from suffering, equally.
Compassion is said to become ‘great’ only when, through proper training of the
mind, such an altruistic aspiration becomes spontaneous and no longer requires
any conscious effort for its arising. The measure of having realised such a state is
that one spontaneously feels a sense of intimacy and compassion towards all
others, with the same degree of commitment and intensity that one feels towards
one’s most beloved. It is worth bearing in mind that in Buddhism, compassion
should not be understood in terms of pity, which may imply a feeling of
superiority toward the object of compassion.
Conceptual Elaboration spros-pa, Skt. prapañca
Conceptual elaboration refers to the presence of discursive or conceptual thought
processes, the absence of which (Skt. nisprapañca, Tib. spros-bral) is
characteristic of the realisation of emptiness or actual reality.
Confession of Negativity sdig-pa’i gshags-pa, Skt. pāpadeśanā
A spiritual practice which involves the disclosure and purification of
accumulated negative actions. The successful application of confession must be
undertaken within the framework of what are known as the four antidotal
powers. For an explanation of these see the introductory context to Chapter 7.
Conqueror rgyal-ba, Skt. jina
In Buddhist literature, this term is an epithet for a buddha, indicating the victory
attained by a buddha over cyclic existence (samsāra). In particular in the
context of this book, the Buddha-body of Perfect Resource in the maṇdala of
the Peacefuland Wrathful Deities is described as represented by the ‘five
enlightened families of the conquerors’ (rgyal-ba rigs-lnga), where the five
male buddhas, in both peaceful and wrathful forms, are known as the five
conquerors. Vajradhara, an aspect of the primordial buddha Samantabhadra,
who represents the Buddha-body of Reality, is also known as the ‘sixth
conqueror’ (rgyal-ba drug-pa) or ‘lord of the sixth enlightened family’. More
generally, in its Tibetan form, this same epithet is frequently used as an honorific
title before the names of highly venerated beings, e.g. Gyalwa Yizhin Norbu (for
HH the Dalai Lama), or Gyalwa Karmapa.
Consciousness rnam-par shes-pa, Skt. vijñāna
In Buddhism, consciousness is defined as ‘an awareness which is knowing and
luminous’. It is not physical and thus lacks any resistance to obstruction. It has
neither shape nor colour; it can be experienced but not externally perceived as an
object. In short, it includes both the conscious cognitive events and the
subconscious aspects of the mind through which we know and perceive the
world, as well as the emotions. A distinction is made between the mundane
consciousness (vijñāna) of sentient beings, and the pristine cognition (jñāna) of
the buddhas. See Pristine Cognition and Aggregate of Consciousness.
Consciousness Transference ’pho-ba, Skt. samkrānti
A unique tantric practice undertaken to transfer the consciousness at the time of
death, ideally to the unconditioned state of the realisation of the Buddha-body
of Reality, or to a realm of existence with a favourable migration, ideally the
pure realm of a meditational deity. See Chapter 10.
Continuum of the Ground gzhi’i rgyud, Skt. āśrayatantra
The continuum of the ground is identified with the primordially present intrinsic
awareness, and the actual reality or emptiness, which is in harmony with the
fruitional aspects of buddhahood. According to the tantras, the continuum of
the ground (gzhi’i rgyud) is the basis through which the continuum of the path
(lam-gyi rgyud) fully manifests as the continuum of the result (’bras-bu’i
rgyud).
Continuum of the Path lam-gyi rgyud, Skt. mārgatantra
According to the tantras, the continuum of the path is the means through which
the continuum of the ground (gzhi’i rgyud) becomes fully manifest as the
continuum of the result (’bras-bu’i rgyud).
Continuum of the Result ’bras-bu’i rgyud, Skt. phalatantra
According to the tantras, the continuum of the result is the fruition or conclusion
attained when the continuum of the ground (gzhi’i rgyud) becomes fully
manifest through the continuum of the path (lam-gyi rgyud).
Copper-coloured Mountain zangs-mdog dpal-ri, Skt. Tāmraśrῑparvata
A sacred abode located on the subcontinent Cāmaradvῑpa (rnga-yab gling),
where Padmasambhava is said to currently reside in an awesome rainbow-light
form.
Core-penetrating zang-thal
See Ascending and Core-penetrating.
Cutting through Resistance khregs-chod
According to the pith or esoteric instructions (man-ngag-gi sde) of the Great
Perfection (Atiyoga) there are two meditative techniques, which are engaged in
successively. The first, Cutting through Resistance (khregs-chod) focuses on the
recognition of primordial purity (ka-dag), the nature of awareness (rig-pa),
through which the Buddha-body of Reality is attained. The second, All
surpassing Realisation (thod-rgal ), focuses on the recognition of spontaneous
presence (lhun-grub), eliciting and recognising the radiances of pristine
cognition and the purity of our psycho-physical aggregates and elements,
through which the rainbow-like Buddha-body of Form is attained. In All
surpassing Realisation practice, once a stable realisation of the nature of
awareness has been attained through Cutting through Resistance, all
phenomenal appearances are liberated through a spontaneous realisation of their
essential modality as inner radiance. Cutting through Resistance is the subject
matter of Chapter 4 of the present work. The introduction to the intermediate
state of reality, in Chapter 11 of our text, is illustrative of the esoteric
instructions on All-surpassing Realisation, which is the pinnacle of meditative
practice according to the Nyingma school.
Cyclic Existence ’khor-ba, Skt. samsāra
A state of existence conditioned by dissonant mental states and the imprint of
past actions (karma), characterised by suffering in a cycle of life, death and
rebirth, in which the six classes of sentient beings (ṣaḍgati; Tib. ’gro-ba rigs
drug) rotate. Cyclic existence emerges from fundamental ignorance (avidyā)
through a process known as the twelve links of dependent origination
(dvādaśāṅga-pratῑtyasamutpāda ). When fundamental ignorance, identified as
the misapprehension of the nature of actual reality (dharmatā), is reversed,
cyclic existence is itself reversed, and the contrasting state of nirvāṇa is attained,
free from suffering and the processes of rebirth. See Dependent Origination
and Nirvāṇa.
Ḍākinī mkha’-’gro-ma
Ḍākinῑ are female yoginῑ who have attained either mundane or supramundane
spiritual accomplishments (siddhi), the latter referring to the realisations of
buddhahood . They may be human beings who have achieved such attainments,
or manifestations of the enlightened activity of meditational deities. The
Tibetan equivalent mkha’-’gro literally means ‘space voyager’, space
metaphorically implying emptiness, and voyager indicating someone immersed
in its experience. The ḍākinῑ are said to confer enlightened or buddha-activities
on the meditator, in contrast to the spiritual teacher who confers blessings and
the meditatioal deity who confers accomplishments.
Ḍākinī of Pristine Cognition ye-shes mkha’-’gro, Skt. jñānaḍākinῑ
The female consorts of the principal awareness holders of maturation, power
over the lifespan, the Great Seal and spontaneous presence.
Ḍākinī of the Three Abodes gnas-gsum mkha’-’gro
The ḍākinῑ of the three abodes are those of buddha-body, speech and mind.
Dalai Lama rgyal ba yid-bzhin nor-bu/rin-po-che
The temporal and spiritual leader of Tibet. The Dalai Lama’s temporal reign
began at the time of the fifth Dalai Lama in the 17th century. Since then the
country has been ruled, periodically, by a succession of Dalai Lamas, until
China’s occupation in the 1950s. The Dalai Lamas are chosen according to a
strict traditional procedure of observation and examination initiated following
the death of the previous Dalai Lama. The present Dalai Lama is the fourteenth
in the succession of this lineage. The title Dalai Lama was originally offered to
Sonam Gyatso, the third Dalai Lama, by the then Mongol prince Altan Qan. The
Mongol word da-lai (Tib. rgya-mtsho) means ‘ocean (of wisdom)’.
Ḍāmaru ḍā-ma-ru
A hand-held double-sided drum, frequently identified with the wrathful deities
and the ḍākinῑ, and generally utilised as a ritual instrument in conjunction with
the bell. The ḍāmaru is said to proclaim ‘the sound of great bliss’.
Dedication of Merit bsngo-ba, Skt. pariṇāma
An important element of Buddhist practice enacted normally in the form of a
recitation of verses of dedication at the conclusion of a spiritual practice. In all
Buddhist practices, the establishment of the correct motivation at the beginning
and the altruistic dedication at the end are regarded as highly significant. The
most popular objects of the dedication are the flourishing of the sacred
teachings of Buddhism throughout the universe and the attainment of full
enlightenment by all sentient beings.
Definitive Meaning nges-don, Skt. nῑtārtha
The sūtra teachings of the buddhas are classified as being of either definitive
meaning or provisional meaning (neyārtha) depending on whether they do not or
do require further interpretation. In general, sūtras of provisional meaning
concern the nature of cyclic existence (samsāra) and its antidotes, as expounded
by Śākyamuni Buddha in the first turning of the wheel of the sacred
teachings. By contrast, those sūtras of definitive meaning concern either the
nature of emptiness, as expressed in the second turning of the wheel of the
sacred teachings, or the explications on buddha nature and buddha
attributes, as expressed in the third turning of the wheel of the sacred
teachings. There are divergent views in the various schools of Tibetan
Buddhism as to which of the sūtras of the second and third turnings should be
regarded as definitive or provisional.
Degenerate Age snyigs-ma’i dus, Skt. kaliyuga
According to the prevailing view of Indian cosmology, a period of cosmic or
cyclical time (aeon, Skt. kalpa) comprises fourteen secondary cycles (Skt.
manvantara), each of which lasts 306,720,000 years. Each secondary cycle is
said to contain seventy-one ‘great ages’ (Skt. mahāyuga), and each of these is
further subdivided into four ages (Skt. caturyuga) which are of decreasing
duration, and known respectively as the Perfect Age (kṛtayuga), the Third Age
(tretāyuga), the Second Age (dvāparayuga ), and the Black or Degenerate Age
(kaliyuga). Since these four ages represent a gradual decline in meritorious
activities, special meditative practices and spiritual antidotes are associated with
each in turn. Specifically, the Perfect Age is most suited to the practice of the
Kriyātantra; the Third Age to that of the Caryātantra; the Second Age to that of
the Yogatantra; and the present Black or Degenerate Age to that of the
Unsurpassed Yogatantra.
Deity yi-dam, Skt. iṣṭadevatā
See under Meditational Deity.
Delusion gti-mug, Skt. moha
One of the three poisons (dug-gsum) along with aversion and attachment, or
five poisons (dug-lnga) along with aversion, attachment, pride, and envy,
which perpetuate the sufferings of cyclic existence. Delusion is the obfuscating
mental factor which obstructs an individual from generating knowledge or
insight, and it is said to be characteristic of the animal world in general.
Dense Array gtug-po bkod-pa, Skt. Ghanavyūha
The Dense Array is a synonym for the central buddha field of Akaniṣṭha. See
under Akaniṣṭha.
Dependent Origination rten-’brel, Skt. pratῑtyasamutpāda
The doctrine of dependent origination can be said to be the most fundamental
metaphysical view of Buddhist thought and it is intimately linked with the
Buddhist notion of causation. The principle of dependent origination asserts that
nothing exists independently of other factors, the reason for this being that things
and events come into existence only by dependence on the aggregation of
multiple causes and conditions. In general, the processes of cyclic existence,
through which the external world and the sentient beings within it revolve in a
continuous cycle of suffering, propelled by the propensities of past actions and
their interaction with dissonant mental states, are said to originate dependent
on twelve successive links, which are known as the twelve links of dependent
origination (dvādaśāṅga-pratῑtyasamutpāda ). These comprise: 1) fundamental
ignorance, 2) motivational tendencies, 3) consciousness, 4) name and form, 5)
sensory activity fields, 6) contact, 7) sensation , 8) attachment, 9) grasping,
10) rebirth process, 11) birth, 12) ageing and death. Although, in the ultimate
sense there is no beginning to the continuum of mind, a relative beginning can
be spoken of on the basis of a single instance of rebirth within cyclic existence.
Every instance of birth in cyclic existence must have a cause and such causes are
ultimately rooted in our fundamental ignorance, which misapprehends the true
nature of actual reality. For an ordinary sentient being all the twelve links are
interconnected and each component of the chain contributes to the perpetuation
of the cycle. It is only through deliberate reversal of fundamental ignorance
that one can succeed in bringing the whole cycle to an end. Fundamental
ignorane (avidyā) gives rise to conditioning or tendencies (saṃskāra) which are
stored in the substratum or ground-of-all consciousness (ālayavijñāna).
Following the moment of a sentient being’s conception, this inheritance of past
actions from a previous life gives rise to name and form (nāmarūpa), i.e. to the
five psycho-physical aggregates (pañcaskandha), which are products of that
dualising consciousness. Then, the sensory activity fields (āyatana) provide the
subjective and objective framework for sensory activity in its initial stages of
development; while contact (sparśa) refers to the maturation of sensory
perception as an unborn child develops a sensitivity to its environment inside the
womb. Thereafter, sensation (vedanā), attachment (tṛṣṇā), grasping (ādāna),
rebirth process (bhava), and actual birth ( jāti) together indicate the emergence
of a sentient being within the living world; and these in turn lead inevitably to
old age and death (jarāmaraṇa).
Desire ’dod-chags, Skt. rāga
See Attachment.
Desire Realm, Skt. kāmadhātu
See Three World-sytems.
Dhanakośa dha-na-ko-sa
The name of an island lake situated in the country of Oḍḍiyāna, generally
identified in the Tibetan tradition with the Swat Valley of modern Pakistan,
where many of the Buddhist tantras were once disseminated and practised. It is
considered to have been the birthplace of both Prahevajra, the first human
lineage holder of Atiyoga, and of Padmasambhava.
Dharmarāja chos-rgyal
See under Yama Dharmarāja.
Discriminative Awareness shes-rab, Skt. prajñā
The Sanskrit term prajñā is formally defined as ‘the discriminative awareness of
the essence, distinctions, particular and general characteristics, and advantages
and disadvantages of any object within one’s own perceptual range, at the
conclusion of which doubts are removed’. In other words, this is the faculty of
intelligence or discriminating awareness inherent within the mental continuum
of all living creatures which enables them to examine the characteristics of
things and events, thus making it possible to make judgements and deliberations.
The term prajñā has commonly been translated into English as ‘wisdom’, largely
following the example of Edward Conze, who translated a voluminous series of
texts devoted to the Perfection of Discriminative Awareness (Prajñāpāramitā).
According to the abhidharma of the Lesser Vehicule, prajñā is one of the five
mental factors of ascertainment which arise during all mental events of a
veridical nature. According to the Greater Vehicule, the perfection of this
faculty of discriminative awareness (prajñāpāramitā ) leads a bodhisattva to a
total overcoming of all types of doubt and ignorance and to the realisation of the
emptiness of all things. Here, in conjunction with skilful means (upāya), the
term prajñopāya refers to the integration of the two principal aspects of the path
to enlightenment. In this context prajñā, or true insight into the emptiness of all
phenomena, is united in perfect union with skilful means. In tantric traditions,
the union of prajñopāya is often depicted iconographically in the union of the
male and female deities, and in the symbolic hand-implements such as the vajra
and the bell.
Dissonant Mental States nyonmongs, Skt. kleśa
The essentially pure nature of mind is obscured and afflicted by the various
psychological defilements known as the dissonant mental states. The Tibetan
word nyonmongs implies a mental event whose arising causes psychological
afflictions within the mind, thus destroying its peace and composure. According
to abhidharma literature in general, there are six primary dissonant mental
states: fundamental ignorance, attachment, aversion, pride, doubt, and
afflicted or dissonant views; and an enumeration of twenty subsidiary mental
states (Skt. upakleśa), which comprise: anger, malice, dissimulation, fury, envy,
miserliness, dishonesty, deception, arrogance, mischief, indecorum, indecency,
obfuscation, agitation, distrust, laziness, carelessness, forgetfulness, distraction,
and inattentiveness. Even more wide-ranging are the 84,000 dissonant mental
states for which the 84,000 aspects of the sacred teachings are said to provide
distinctive antidotes. At the root of all these psychological afflictions lies the
fundamental ignorance which misapprehends the true nature of reality.
Downfalls ltung-ba, Skt. āpatti
See Transgressions.
Dream Yoga rmi-lam
Meditative techniques for utilising and transforming dream consciousness within
the context of Unsurpassed Yogatantra practice. These include: meditative
techniques for retaining awareness during the dream state; multiplying and
transforming the contents of dreams and recognising their actual nature; and the
dispelling of obstacles which prevent maintaining awareness in the dream state.
Dualism gnyis-snang, Skt. ubhayābhāsa
Any level of perception of duality. Buddhist thought describes various forms of
dualism, principal amongst these being: 1) a dualistic perception of subject and
object; 2) all appearances of inherent existence; 3) all appearances of
conventionalities ; and 4) all forms of conceptuality. A genuine direct realisation
of emptiness is non-dual, in that it is free from all the above forms of dualism.
Dzogchen rdzogs-chen, Skt. mahāsandhi
See Great Perfection.
Eight Charnel Grounds dur-khrod brgyad
The eight charnel grounds are the great cemeteries of ancient India, which are
regarded as inspirational places for the practice of meditation. These are
respectively known, in Tibetan translation, as Tumdrak (gtum-drag), Tsangtsing
Trikpa (tshangtshing ’khrigs-pa), Bar Trikpa (’bar ’khrigs-pa), Kengruchen
(keng-rus-can), Silbutsel (bsil-bu-tshal, Skt. Śῑtavana), Munpa Nagpo (mun-pa
nag-po), Kili Kilir Dradrokpa (ki-li ki-lir sgra-sgrog-pa), and Haha Godpa (ha
ha rgod-pa).
Eight Classes of Consciousness rnam-shes tshogs/gnas-brgyad
See under Aggregate of Consciousness.
Eight Classes of Spirits sde-brgyad
A classification of the malign forces that can be appeased by specific offerings
and rituals. Diverse enumerations of these malign forces have been made by
Nubchen Sangye Yeshe. Accordingly, there is an outer eightfold group (phyi-yi
sde brgyad), an inner eightfold group (nang-gi sde brgyad), a secret eightfold
group (gsang-ba’i sde brgyad), a supreme eightfold group (mchog-gi sde
brgyad), an emanational eightfold group (sprul-pa’i sde brgyad), and a
phenomenal eightfold group (snangsrid sde brgyad).
Eight Extremes mtha’-brgyad, Skt. aṣṭānta
The eight extremes from which intinsic awareness is free are those enumerated
by Nāgārjuna in the Root Stanzas of the Madhyamaka entitled Discriminative
Awareness (Prajñānāma mūlamadhyamakakārikā, T 3824), namely: cessation
(’gag-pa), creation or production (skye-ba), nihilism(chad-pa), eternalism (rtag
pa), coming (’ong-ba), going (’gro-ba), diversity (tha-dad-pa), and singularity
(gcig-pa).
Eight Freedoms and Ten Opportunities dal-ba brgyad dang ’byor-ba bcu
Birth as a human being with the freedom and opportunity to follow the Buddhist
path is regarded as difficult to attain and a precious circumstance. In the
preliminary practices of the tantra path, in order to establish an appreciation
for the significance of human rebirth, the freedom one has from eight
unfavourable rebirths is a focus of contemplation, together with contemplation
of the ten favourable opportunities. The eight freedoms are the freedoms from
the following eight states: birth in the hells, birth as an anguished spirit, birth as
an animal, birth as an uncivilised or barbarous person, birth as a long-living god,
birth into a society that holds mistaken beliefs, birth in an age devoid of
Buddhism, and birth with limited faculties. Among the ten favourable
opportunities, there are five which are personally acquired and five which are
contingent on external factors. The former comprise the favourable opportunities
of being born as a human being, in a civilised society, with perfect sense
faculties, not being engaged in a conflicting lifestyle, and having confidence in
Buddhism. The latter comprise the favourable opportunities of being born in an
aeon when a buddha has appeared, when the sacred teachings have been taught,
when they are still being practised, and when one actively engages in their
practice, and finds a qualified spiritual friend (kalyānamitra). See Chapter 1.
Eight [Great] Fears ’jigs-pa brgyad, Skt. aṣṭabhaya
These are variously enumerated but often include: drowning, fires, thieves,
captivity, lions, snakes, elephants, and spirits.
Eight Great Projectresses spor-byed chen-mo brgyad
The eight great projectresses are female deities representing forces that propel
various classes of sentient beings to exalted rebirths during the intermediate
state of reality. See Chapter 6.
Eight Objects [of Consciousness] [rnam-shes-kyi] yul brgyad
These are the objects of the eight classes of consciousness, i.e. deep-seated
habitual tendencies (ground-of-all consciousness), dissonant mental states
(deluded consciousness), thoughts (mental consciousness), sights (visual
consciousness), objects of taste (gustatory consciousness), sounds (auditory
consciousness), smells (olfactory consciousness) and physical objects (tactile
consciousness). See under Aggregate of Consciousness.
Eight Sensory Objects yul brgyad
See Eight Objects of Consciousness.
Eighteen Hells dmyal-ba bco-brgyad, Skt. aṣṭadaśanaraka
States of existence within the cycle of rebirth, conditioned by our past actions,
where the experience of suffering, arising from hatred, anger and fear, is most
intense and extended. Abhidharma literature mentions two main types of such
hell-like existences, characterised by the dominance of either freezing coldness
or burning heat. These two are in turn divided into eighteen subcategories.
Eight Minor Marks dpe-byad brgyad-cu, Skt. asῑtyanuvyañjana
See Major and Minor Marks.
Eight-four Thousand Aspects of the [Sacred] Teaching chos-sgo brgyad-khri
bzhi stong
The Buddha’s teachings are said to comprise eighty-four thousand aspects or
approaches, when they are classified according to their function as an antidote. It
is said that there are eighty-four thousand dissonant mental states, comprising
twenty-one thousand aspects respectively of attachment (rāga), aversion
(dveśa), delusion (moha), and their combination; and there is an antidote within
the Buddha’s teachings corresponding to each of these dissonant mental states.
Elemental Forces ’byung-po, Skt. bhūta
A category of forces associated with the elements: earth, water, fire, wind and
space, which are said to move through the body in a monthly cycle and to whom
certain illnesses and paediatric disorders are attributed in Tibetan medicine.
These may be appeased or brought back into balance by the application of
medicinal antidotes, or by the counteracting rituals prescribed in the tantras, as
outlined in Chapter 9.
Elements / Elemental Properties ’byung ba, Skt. bhūta
See Five Elements.
Eleven Vehicles theg-pa bcu-gcig
See Vehicle.
EMA e-ma
Identical to EMAHO.
EMAHO e-ma-ho
An exclamation of great wonder or astonishment.
Empowerment dbang-bskur, Skt. abhiṣeka
A ritual ceremony performed by accomplished spiritual teachers and lineage
holders to empower prospective trainees, prior to their engaging in the various
vehicles and specific practices of the tantras. The meditative processes of the
empowerment ritual are intended to activate the potentials inherent within the
body, speech and mind of the trainee, in other words to awaken the seed of the
natural ability to engage in the practice. Such empowerment ceremonies are an
essential prerequisite for the practice of tantra in the Buddhist tradition. See also
Four Empowerments.
Emptiness stong-pa-nyid, Skt. śūnyatā
The ultimate nature of reality. According to the Madhyamaka school it is the
total absence of inherent existence and self-identity with respect to all
phenomena. Its synonyms include ultimate truth (Skt. paramārthasatya),
actual reality (Skt. dharmatā ), and suchness (Skt. tathatā). Though presented
in the scriptures of both the Lesser Vehicle and the Greater Vehicle, the theory
of emptiness is most systematically developed in the writings of the second
century Buddhist thinker Nāgārjuna, the founder of the Madhyamaka school.
According to this view, all things and events, both external and internal, are
devoid of any independent, intrinsic reality that constitutes their essence.
Nothing can be said to exist independently from the complex network of factors
that gives rise to their origination, nor are phenomena independent of the
cognitive processes and conceptual designations (mental constructs) that make
up the conventional framework within which their identity and existence are
posited. It is our deeply ingrained tendency to conceive of things as materially
existing in their own right that conditions and compels us to perceive and grasp
at a substantial reality of things and our own existence. In turn, when all levels
of conceptualisation dissolve and when all forms of dichotomising tendencies
are quelled through deliberate meditative deconstruction of conceptual
elaborations, Nāgārjuna argues, the ultimate nature of reality - the emptiness 
will finally become manifest to the person. Although the term is known also in
the literature of the Lesser Vehicle, it is in the philosophical tenets of the
Madhyamaka school that the different interpretations of emptiness were greatly
elaborated. See Madhyamaka.
Energy Centre rtsa-’khor, Skt. cakra
According to the tantras and related medical traditions, there are five energy
centres within the subtle body. These are located at the crown, throat, heart,
navel and genitalia, where the right and left channels are said to loop around the
central channel (avadhūti), forming knots (rtsa-mdud) which obstruct the flow of
subtle energy into the central channel. At each of the five energy centres, there
are a diverse number of channel branches (rtsa-’dab), through which vital
energy is conducted throughout the body.
Energy Channels rtsa, Skt. nāḍῑ
In the tantras and related medical traditions, it is said that there are 72,000 vein
like channels through which flow the vital energies or subtle winds (rlung, Skt.
vāyu) that sustain life and which also give rise to various conceptual states
within the individual’s mind. Three main channels run vertically from the crown
fontanelle of the head down to the genitalia, intersecting at the five energy
centres (Skt. cakra) of the crown, throat, heart, navel and genitalia. All the
minor energy channels branch off from these energy centres to permeate the
body. Among the three main channels, the one to the left is known as the rkyang
ma (Skt. lalanā), the one to the right as the ro-ma (Skt. rasanā), and the central
channel as the dbu-ma (Skt. avadhūti).
Enlightened Family rigs, Skt. gotra/kula
This term may render either the Sanskrit gotra, in which case it is synonymous
with buddha nature, or the Sanskrit kula, in which case it refers to the five
families (Skt. pañcakula) into which the Peaceful and Wrathful Deities are
grouped. See the individual entries under Buddha Family, Vajra Family,
Ratna Family, Padma Family and Karma Family and Appendix Two.
Enlightened Intention dgongs-pa, Skt. abhiprāya
In the context of our text, enlightened intention refers to the unimpeded, non
conceptual and compassionate intention of the buddhas, whether or not it is
clearly discerned by an observer.
Enlightenment byang-chub, Skt. bodhi
In the Buddhist context, ‘enlightenment’ refers to an individual’s awakening to
the mind’s actual nature. The Tibetan equivalent byang-chub implies the
purification (byang) of obscurations and the perfection (chub) of omniscience.
The process of attaining enlightenment therefore proceeds in conjunction with
the dispelling of the dissonant mental states which obscure the perception of
actual reality. On the bodhisattva path, thirty-seven distinct aspects of
enlightenment are sequentially cultivated. A fully enlightened being is a buddha
who is totally free from all obstruction to true knowledge and the state of
liberation, and is hence omniscient in the knowledge of reality.
Enrichment rgyas-pa’i las, Skt. puṣṭikriyā
See Four Aspects of Enlightened Activity and Buddha-activties.
Envy phrag-dog, Skt. ῑrṣā
Envy, which includes all the various forms of self-cherishing ambition, is one of
the five poisons of the mind (dug-lnga), along with aversion, delusion, pride,
and attachment. In its extreme manifestation, of persistent hostile
competitiveness, it is said to characterise the worlds of the antigods (asuraloka).
Equanimity btang-snyoms, Skt. upekṣā
Equanimity is one of the four immeasurable aspirations, along with loving
kindness, compassion and empathetic joy, which are cultivated in the
preliminary practices and commonly repeated before engaging in daily
practice. Equanimity is an essential element of the cultivation of the altruistic
intention to attain enlightenment for the benefit of others, in the context of
which the practitioner cultivates an unbiased attitude towards all sentient
beings, regarding them as being completely equal and thus overcoming any
sense of partiality towards them. Normally one’s attitude towards other persons,
for example, is strongly prejudiced by one’s classification of others into
seemingly incompatible groups of friends, enemies or those regarded with
indifference. See also under Bodhicitta.
Esoteric Instructional Class man-ngag-gi sde, Skt. upadeśavarga
See under Great Perfection.
Essence, Natural Expression and Compassionate Energy ngo-bo rang-bzhin
thugs-rje
In the terminology of the Great Perfection, the essence (ngo-bo) is the modality
of the Buddha-body of Reality, natural expression (rang-bzhin) is the modality
of the Buddha-body of Perfect Resource, and compassionate energy or
spirituality (thugs-rje) is the modality of the Buddha-body of Emanation.
These three modalities may be cultivated through the techniques known as
Cutting through Resistance (khregs-chod) and All-supassing Realisation
(thod-rgal ). The term natural expression (rang-bzhin) also has another
distinctive usage in the context of the present work, where it frequently refers to
the attributes represented by the twenty-eight Īśvarῑ among the assembly of the
fifty-eight wrathful deities. See Natural Expression.
Eternalist mu-stegs-pa, Skt. tῑrthika
In general Buddhist usage, the term ‘eternalist’ refers to the four so-called
eternalistic schools of ancient India, namely Sāṃkhya, Vaishnavism, Shaivism
and Jainism, which posit the existence of an independent self or soul (ātman,
Tib. bdag). By contrast, Buddhist schools identify the self in terms of the five
psycho-physical aggregates (pañcaskandha), and therefore do not accept the
notion of self in the sense of an eternal, unchanging, independently existing
entity. Both eternalism and nihilism are regarded as the two extreme views,
which are to be avoided when seeking an insight into emptiness, the true nature
of reality, by means of the Middle Way (madhyamapratipad). Here all
apprehensions of inherent existence constitute falling into the extreme of
eternalism, and a total denial of the laws of cause and effect in association with
past and future lives constitutes falling into nihilism.
Expanse of [Actual] Reality chos-dbyings, Skt. dharmadhātu
The expanse of actual reality is a synonym for the expanse of emptiness. As
such, it indicates both the dimension of the Buddha-body of Reality, and the
pristine cognition of reality’s expanse (dharmadhātujñāna).
Extremes mtha’, Skt. anta
From the perspective of the Greater Vhicle, the Buddha-body of Reality is
said to be free from the dualistic extremes of creation and cessation (skye-’gag),
eternalism and nihilism (rtag-chad), existence and non-existence (yod-med),
and appearance and emptiness (snang-stong).
Feast-offering tshogs [kyi ’khor-lo], Skt. gaṇacakra
The Tibetan word tshogs generally has two senses, corresponding to the Sanskrit
sambhāra and gaṇacakra. In the latter case it refers to the feast-offerings which
are a unique tantric method for conferring accomplishment and pacifying
obstacles. In general, feast-offerings are frequently held to commemorate
important events in the Buddhist calendar, such as the tenth-day feast-offering,
dedicated to Padmasambhava . The overall purpose is to distribute merit and
pristine cognition in the context of a specific tantric ritual. See also under
Accumulation.
Final Nirvāṇa yongs-su mya-ngan-las ’das, Skt. parinirvāṇa
The expression ‘final nirvāṇa’ refers specifically to the passing away of
buddhas, such as Śākyamuni, and it is considered to be the last of the twelve
principal deeds, exemplified by the death of Śākyamuni at Kuśinagara. See also
under Nirvāṇa and Buddha activities.
Five Aggregates phung-po lnga, Skt. pañcaskandha
See the separate entries, under Aggregate of Consciousness, Aggregate of
Form, Aggregate of Feelings, Aggregate of Perceptions, and Aggregate of
Motivational Tendencies.
Five Appendages yan-lag lnga, Skt. pañcāṅga
The head and the four limbs.
Five Approximating Crimes nye-ba’i mtshams-med lnga, Skt. pañcopāntarῑya
The five crimes which approximate the five inexpiable crimes (mtshams-med
lnga) in their severity are: to rape a female arhat (dgra-bcom-ma-la ’dod-log
spyod-pa), to kill one who abides on the level of a genuine bodhisattva (byang
sems nges-gnas gsod-pa), to kill a trainee monk (slob-pa’i dge-’dun gsod-pa), to
misappropriate the income of the monastic community (dge-’dun-gyi ’du-sgo
’phrog-pa), and to destroy a stūpa (mchod-rten bshig-pa).
Five Buddha-bodies sku lnga, Skt. pañcakāya
The Buddha-body of Reality, Buddha-body of Perfect Resource, Buddha
body of Emanation, Buddha-body of Awakening, and Buddha-body of
Indestructible Reality. See Buddha-body and individual entries.
Five Degenerations snyigs-ma lnga, Skt. pañcakaṣāya
The five degenerations comprise: degeneration of the lifespan (ayuḥkaṣāya),
degeneration in terms of views (dṛṣṭikaṣāya), degeneration in terms of dissonant
mental states (kleśakaṣāya), degeneration of sentient beings (sattvakaṣāya),
and degeneration of the present age (kalpakaṣāya).
Five Elements ’byung-ba lnga / khams lnga, Skt. pañcabhūta/ pañcadhātu
According to the Indo-Tibetan system, as expounded in the tantras, and in
medical and astrological texts, the five elements - earth, water, fire, wind, and
space - are five basic components that make up our environment, our bodies,
and, at their subtle levels, modalities of the mind. At the subtlest level, the
elemental properties exist as the pure natures represented by the five female
buddhas (Akāśadhātvῑśvarῑ, Buddhalocanā, Māmakῑ, Pāṇḍaravāsinῑ and
Samayatārā) and these manifest as the physical properties of earth (solidity),
water (fluidity), fire (heat and light), wind (movement and energy), and space 
in other words as all the qualities that constitute the physical forms that we
experience through our senses. A proper understanding of the elements and the
way in which their properties permeate the nature of mind, the body and our
environment is fundamental to the practice of Buddhist tantra. See Chapters 8
and 11 and Appendix Two.
Five Enlightened Families rigs lnga, Skt. pañcakula
See Buddha Family, Vajra Family, Ratna Family, Padma Family, and
Karma Family and Appendix Two.
Five Hollow Viscera snod-lnga
According to the traditions of Tibetan medicine, the five hollow viscera are those
of the stomach, the large intestine, the small intestine, the bladder, the gall
bladder, and the reservoir of reproductive fluid (bsam-se’u).
Five Inexpiable Crimes mtshams-med lnga, Skt. pañcānantarῑya
The five inexpiable crimes, which are regarded as the most severe and
consequently the most difficult to overcome by reparation, are: matricide (ma
gsod-pa), arhatcide (dgra-bcom-pa gsod-pa), patricide (pha gsod-pa), creating a
schism in the monastic community (dge-’dun-gyi dbyen-byas-ba), and
intentionally wounding a buddha (de-bzhin gshegs-pa’i sku-la ngan-sems-kyis
khrag ’byin-pa).
Five Poisons dug-lnga, Skt. pañcakleśa
The five poisons comprise five of the most basic dissonant mental states
(kleśa) - all of which are grounded in fundamental ignorance (avidyā). They
are: delusion (moha), attachment (rāga), aversion (dveṣa), pride (abhimāna),
and envy/self-cherishing ambition (ῑrṣā).
Five Precious Substances rin-chen lnga
Gold, silver, turquoise, coral and pearl.
Five Pristine Cognitions ye-shes lnga, Skt. pañcājñāna
See under Pristine Cognition.
Five Sense-faculties/organs dbang-po rnam-lnga, Skt. pañcendriya
The five sense-faculties or sense-organs comprise: the eyes (cakṣurindriya), ears
(śrotrendriya), nose (ghrāṇendriya), tongue (jihvendriya), and body
(kāyendriya).
Five Solid Viscera don-lnga
According to the traditions of Tibetan medicine, the five solid viscera are the
heart, lungs, liver, kidneys, and spleen.
Form Realm and Formless Realm
See Three World-systems.
Formal Description mngon-rtogs, Skt. abhisamaya
While practising the generation stage (utpattikrama) of meditation, the deities
are visualised in accordance with their formal descriptions which are set down in
the texts of the appropriate means for attainment (sgrub-thabs, Skt. sādhana).
In other contexts the term ‘abhisamaya’ conveys the sense of ‘emergent or clear
realisation’, 
as in Maitreya’s Ornament of Emergent Realisation
(Abhisamayālaṃkāra).
Four Aspects of Enlightened Activity las-bzhi, Skt. catuṣkarman
These are specific ritual functions based on the dynamic modes of a buddha’s
activity, namely: pacification (śāntikriyā, Tib. zhi-ba’i las), which includes the
pacification of obstacles to spiritual practice, illness and the causes of harm to
society and the environment; enrichment (puṣṭikriyā, Tib. rgyas-pa’i las), which
includes increasing the lifespan and prosperity; subjugation (vaṣitakriyā, Tib.
dbang-gi las), which includes the controlling of negative and hostile forces; and
wrath or transformation (maraṇakriyā, Tib. drag-po’i las), which includes the
elimination of malevolent forces. The ritual enactment of these four rites is
often undertaken in the context of a burnt offering ritual (homa).
Four Aspects of Ritual Service and Means for Attainment bsnyen-sgrub yan
lag bzhi, Skt. caturāṅgasevāsādhana
Whenever any means for attainment (Skt. sādhana) is practised, it will
comprise the ‘four aspects of ritual service and means for attainment’. The four
branches are: ritual service (sevā), further ritual service (upasevā), means for
attainment (sādhana) and great means for attainment (mahāsādhana), which
respectively entail 1) mantra recitation and one-pointed visualisation of the
meditational deity, 2) prayers that the blessing of the deity will descend to
transform mundane body, speech and mind into buddha-body, speech and
mind, 3) the absorption of accomplishments from the actual deity into the
visualised deity and thence into oneself, and 4) the realisation of primordial
purity experienced when body, speech and mind are identical to those of the
deity.
Four Aspects of Sensory Contact reg-bzhi
These are sensory contact, along with its subject, object and actual sensation.
Four Buddha-bodies sku-bzhi, Skt. catuḥkāya
See under Buddha-body.
Four Classes of Ḍākinī mkha’-’gro sde-bzhi.
The four classes of ḍākinῑ comprise those born in sacred abodes or pure lands
(zhing-skyes mkha’-’gro), those born in consequence of mantra recitation
(sngags-skyes mkha’-’gro), those who are naturally born (lhan-skyes
mkha’-’gro), and those born of pristine cognition (ye-shes mkha’-’gro).
Four Continents and Eight Subcontinents gling bzhi-dang gling-phran brgyad
According to traditional Indian Buddhist cosmology, the world has Mount
Sumeru as its central axis, surrounded by seven concentric oceans divided from
one another by seven successive ranges of golden mountains: Yugandhara,
Isadhāra, Khadirika, Sudarśana, Aṣvakarna, Vinataka, and Nimindhara. The
entire world is girded by a perimeter of iron mountains known as the Cakravāla.
In each of the four cardinal directions of Mount Sumeru, there is located a
continent, along with two satellites or subcontinents. Among these, the eastern
continent Viratdeha (lus-’phags; ‘sublime in body’) is semicircular and it has
two subcontinents: Deha (lus) and Videha (lus-’phags). The southern continent
Jambudvῑpa (’dzam-bu gling; ‘rose-apple continent’) is triangular and its two
subcontinents are Cāmaradvῑpa (rnga-yab gling) and Aparacāmara (rnga-yab
gzhan). The western continent, Aparagodanῑya (balang spyod; ‘rich in cattle’), is
circular and its two subcontinents are Śāṭhā (gYo-ldan) and Uttaramantriṇa
(lam-mchog ’gro). Lastly, the northern continent Uttarakuru (sgra-mi-snyan;
‘unpleasant sound’) is square and its two subcontinents are Kurava (sgra mi
snyan) and Kaurava (sgra mi-snyan-gyi zla). Among the four, Jambudvῑpa is
unique in that it is here that the sacred teachings of the buddhas are said to
flourish. See Chapter 11, Part Three with respect to instructions for choosing a
birthplace and Chapter 1 with respect to visualising the maṇḍala of offerings.
Four Delights dga’-ba bzhi
In the perfection stage (sampannakrama) of meditation, when the practices of
sexual yoga (sbyor-ba) are applied in order to bring about a coalescence of bliss
and emptiness, the generative essence (thig-le) of the body descends through
the central channel and the four delights are sequentially experienced. As it
descends from the energy centre of the crown fontanelle to the throat centre, the
pristine cognition of delight (dga’-ba) is experienced. When it descends from
the throat centre to the heart centre, the pristine cognition of supreme delight
(mchog-dga’) is experienced. When it descends from the heart centre to the
navel centre the pristine cognition of the absence of delight (dga’-bral) is
experienced. And when it descends from the navel centre to the secret centre of
the genitalia, the coemergent delight (lhan-skyes dga’-ba) is experienced.
Thereafter, the generative essence is retained within the body and drawn
upwards through the central channel, permeating each of the energy centres of
the body in turn with unceasing bliss and non-conceptual pristine cognition. See
also under Coemergent Delight.
Four Elements ’byung-ba bzhi, Skt. caturbhūta
Earth, water, fire and wind. See Five Elements.
Four Empwerments dbang-bskur bzhi, Skt. caturabhiṣekha
The four empowerments of the Unsurpassed Yoga tantras, including
Mahāyoga, are: the vase empowerment (bum-dbang), which purifies the
ordinary body and its energy channels into the Buddha-body of Emanation
(nirmāṇakāya); the secret empowerment (gsang-dbang), which purifies ordinary
speech and its vital energy into the Buddha-body of Perfect Resource
(sambhogakāya); the empowerment of discriminative pristine cognition (shes
rab ye-shes-kyi dbang) which purifies ordinary mind and its seminal point
(bindu) into the Buddha-body of Reality (dharmakāya ); and the empowerment
of word and meaning (tshig-don-gi dbang), which purifies these three equally
into 
the Buddha-body of Essentiality (svabhāvikakāya). See also
Empowerment.
Four Extreme Views mu-bzhi
In the context of the present work, these are the four extreme views of
permanence, decay, self, and substantialism.
Four Formless Meditative Absorptions gzugs-med snyoms-’jug bzhi, Skt.
catuḥsamāpatti The four formless meditative absorptions which lead to birth in
the world-system of formlessness, at the summit of cyclic existence, are those
known as: infinite as the sky (ākāśānantyāyatana), infinite consciousness
(vijñānānantyāyatana), nothing-at-all (akiṃcanyāyatana), and neither perception
nor non-perception (naivasaṃjñānasaṃjñāyatana ). See Three World-systems.
Four Immeasurable Aspirations tshad-med bzhi, Skt. catvāryapramāṇāni
Immeasurable compassion, love, empathetic joy and equanimity. The
cultivation of the four immeasurable wishes, which is normally accompanied by
the recitation of a short prayer (see Chapter 1), is a common preliminary to daily
practice. This contemplation establishes correct motivation and provides a strong
impetus to the cultivation of the altruistic intention to attain enlightenment
for the sake of all sentient beings.
Four Malevolent Forces bdud-bzhi, Skt. caturmāra
See Malevolent/Beguiling Forces.
Four Modes of Liberation grol-lugs bzhi
The four modes of liberation, according to Atiyoga, comprise: primordial
liberation (ye-grol ), natural liberation (rang-grol ), direct liberation (cer-grol ),
and further liberation (yang-grol) or liberation from extremes (mtha’-grol).
These are attained in connection with the intermediate state of meditative
concentration (bsam-gtan bar-do).
Four Noble Truths bden-pa bzhi, Skt. caturāryasatya
The teaching on the four noble truths forms the basis of the first promulgation of
Buddhism, since it is the very first formal discourse given by Śākyamuni in
Sarnath following his attainment of buddhahood at Bodh Gaya. The four truths
are: the truth of suffering, the truth of its origins, the truth of its cessation, and
the truth of the path leading to such cessation. The doctrine of four truths lays
the foundation upon which the entire structure of the path to buddhahood is
built and the understanding of these four truths is therefore an indispensable
basis for a successful practice of the Buddhist path. The first two truths
constitute one inter-relationship of cause and effect and the remaining two,
another. Without proper insight into the first inter-relationship no genuine
aspiration to seek freedom from cyclic existence will arise. Similarly, without
insight into the second, no genuine release from the bondage of karmically
conditioned existence can be achieved.
Four Preliminaries
See Preliminary Practices.
Four Times dus-bzhi
Past, present, future, and indefinite time. In some contexts the four times refer to
different phases of conceptual thought, in which case they are enumerated as
past thoughts, present thoughts, future thoughts and indeterminate thoughts (so
sor rtog-pa).
Fundamental Ignorance ma-rig-pa, Skt. avidyā
The most fundamental misapprehension of the nature of actual reality, which is
the source of all dissonant mental states and the twelve links of dependent
origination. Divergent views exist among Buddhist thinkers about the specific
character and nature of fundamental ignorance. For example, the fourth-century
master Asaṅga conceives this ignorance to be a state of unknowing, ignorant of
the actual nature of reality. In contrast, for masters like Nāgārjuna and
especially Dharmakῑrti, it is an active state of mis-knowing, i.e. it understands
the existence of one’s own self and the world in a fundamentally distorted
manner. In the classical Indian Buddhist texts, two principal forms of
fundamental ignorance are identified - (i) ignorance pertaining to the actual
nature of reality and (ii) ignorance pertaining to the law of cause and effect.
The Nyingma master Dudjom Rinpoche explains the evolution of bewilderment
from fundamental ignorance in three phases: first, the fundamental ignorance of
self-identity (bdag-nyid gcig-pu’i ma-rig-pa) is not recognised to be false;
second, the coemergent ignorance (lhan-skyes ma-rig-pa) ensures that the
consciousness of self-identity and non-recognition of actual reality coincide;
and, third, the fundamental ignorance of the imaginary (kun-btags ma-rig-pa)
generates bewilderment, through which one’s own bewildering perceptions are
externally discerned in terms of the subject-object dichotomy, giving rise to all
the sufferings of cyclic existence.
Garuda khyung
A mythical bird normally depicted with an owl-like sharp beak, often holding a
snake, and with large and powerful wings. References to this bird can be also
found in Hindu literature where it is often mentioned as the flying mount of
powerful mundane gods (deva). In Buddhism, the symbolism of the garuḍa is
generally associated with pristine cognition (it is said that the garuḍa can fly as
soon as it is hatched) and with the consuming of dissonant mental states (the
holding of a snake in its beak). In a Buddhist context, the garuḍa is also
associated with Vajrapāṇi and certain wrathful forms of Padmasambhava
through its power to subdue snakes, serpentine water spirits, and subterranean
creatures, and, according to the Nyingma school, the garuḍa is sometimes
revered as a guardian of treasures (gter-bdag) or even as a repository of
treasures (gter-kha).
Gelug dge-lugs
One of the four main traditions or schools of Tibetan Buddhism. Founded by the
great fourteenth-century philosopher Tsongkhapa and his foremost students, it
quickly established itself as a dominant tradition of Tibetan Buddhism with its
monasteries extending from the far west of Tibet to Chamdo, Dartsedo, and
Amdo in the east. Following the Third Dalai Lama’s visit to Mongolia, it
became the state religion in Mongolia and the Buriat regions of the Soviet
Union, and during the seventeenth century its hierarchy became the dominant
political force in Central Tibet when the Fifth Dalai Lama assumed both
spiritual and temporal power with the assistance of Mongol armies. ‘Gelug’
literally means the tradition of the virtuous path and is named after the
monastery called Geden or Ganden, founded by Tsongkhapa in 1409.
generation Stage bskyed-rim, Skt. utpattikrama
According to the traditions of the tantras, the main practices of meditation
which follow the successful conclusion of the preliminary practices
(sngon-’gro) include the generation stage and the perfection stage (Skt.
sampannakrama). Both the generation and perfection stages of meditation are
related to transforming our mundane experiences of each of the phases of life
and death, namely: the intermediate states of the time of death, of reality, of
rebirth, and of living. The generation stage is characterised by the meditative
processes of the practitioner’s gradual identification with the form and pristine
cognition of the meditational deity and it is during this stage that, with the
support of mantra recitation, the elaborate visualisation of the deity is gradually
generated and stabilised. This process, known as self-generation, is a
simulacrum of bringing the three buddha-bodies on to the path and is composed
therefore of three principal aspects: dissolution into emptiness (Buddha-body
of Reality), arising into a subtle form such as a seed-syllabe or symbol
(Buddha-body of Perfect Resource), and full emergence into the deity’s form
(Buddha-body of Emanation). See the Introductory Commentary by HH the
Dalai Lama and Perfection Stage.
Generative Essences byang-sems/thig-le, Skt. bodhicitta/bindu
In the tantras and in Tibetan medicine, the generative essences or fluids are
considered as arising from a supreme seminal point (thig-le chen-po) located in
the middle of the heart centre. From the perspective of the tantras this supreme
seminal point is regarded as the seed of buddhahood and from the perspective
of Tibetan medicine it is regarded as the basis of both physical and mental
health. This supreme seminal point at the heart is considered to be the size of a
small pea or large mustard seed and it incorporates the pure essences (dvangs
ma) of the five elements, the presence of which is indicated by its five-coloured
glow. From the perspective of the tantras the very subtle vital energy, known as
the life-bearing wind or breath, dwells inside this seminal point and at the
culmination of the intermediate state of the time of death all vital energies
ultimately dissolve into it and the inner radiance of the ground dawns. During
life, a single seminal point abides in each of the five energy centres and each
seminal point is whiter at the top and redder at the bottom. At the crown centre
the whiter element predominates and at the level of the genitalia the redder
element predominates. According to Tibetan medicine, white generative fluids
are said to produce bone tissue in the embryo, and it is from the bone marrow
that both semen and breast milk are said to be produced. Red generative fluids
are said to produce blood, flesh and skin. At their least subtle level, therefore, the
former are identified with semen and the latter with menstrual blood. See also
under Seminal Point.
Gods lha, Skt. deva
One of the six classes of living beings (’gro-ba rigs-drug). The mode of being
and activity of the gods is said to be engendered and dominated by exaltation,
indulgence and pride. The gods exist in realms higher than that of the human
realm in the world-system of desire (kāmadhātu), and also in the world-systems
of form (rūpadhātu ) and formlessness (ārūpyadhātu). See Three World
systems.
Gods of the Ten Directions phyogs-bcu’i lha, Skt. daśadikpāla
The gods who traditionally are said to preside over the ten directions of space
are otherwise known as the protector deities of the ten directions, viz.: Indra,
Yama, Varuṇa, Yakṣa, Agni, Rākṣasa, Vāyu, Bhūta, Brahmā, and Vanadevῑ or
Sthāvarā.
Great Bliss bde-chen, Skt. mahāsukha
In the context of Unsurpassed Yogatantra, ‘great bliss’ refers to the blissful
states experienced when the meditator enters into union with a partner (either in
visualisation at the beginner’s level or in actuality at an advanced stage). In both
cases, the experiences, to be valid, have to arise as a result of the dissolution of
mental conceptuality and the vital energies which support these conceptual
states. Such a blissful state of mind, when generated within a direct experience
of emptiness, free from attachment, becomes what is known as the union of
bliss and emptiness.
Great Perfection rdzogs-pa chen-po, Skt. mahāsandhi
Great Perfection is a synonym for Atiyoga, the highest of the nine vehicles
according to the Nyingma tradition. Atiyoga is known as the Great Perfection
because both the generation and perfection stages of meditation are
effortlessly present. ‘Perfection’ (rdzogs) implies that the enlightened attributes
of the Three Buddha-bodies are effortlessly perfected in the stabilisation of the
meditator’s instrinsic awareness (rang-rig ). Here the Buddha-body of Reality
(dharmakāya) is the essence or emptiness (ngo-bo stong-pa) of intrinsic
awareness; the Buddha-body of Perfect Resource (sambhogakāya) is its
natural expression and radiance (rang-bzhin gsal-ba); and the Buddha-body of
Emanation (nirmāṇakāya) is its all-pervasive unimpeded compassionate energy
(ma-’gags thugs-rje) expressed in physical form. ‘Great’ (chen) implies that this
perfection is the underlying nature of all things. The tantra texts and instructions
of Atiyoga, contained in the Collected Tantras of the Nyingmapa, are divided
into three classes: the Mental Class (sems-sde), which emphasises the radiance
(gsal-ba’i cha) of the nature of mind (sems-nyid); the Spatial Class (klongsde )
which emphasises the emptiness (stong-pa’i cha) of reality’s expanse
(dharmadhātu ); and the Esoteric Instructional Class (man-ngag-gi sde), in
which these aspects are given equal emphasis and in which the meditative
techniques of Cutting through Resistance (khregs-chod) and All-surpassing
Realisation (thod-rgal) lead respectively to the realisation of the Buddha-body
of Reality and the Buddha-body of Form.
Great Seal phyag-rgya chen-po, Skt. mahāmudrā
According to the tradition of the sūtras, the expression ‘Great Seal’ refers to the
comprehension of emptiness as the all-encompassing ultimate nature of reality.
Emptiness is called the great seal, for nothing extraneous to it exists, and all
phenomena, both physical and mental, are in their ultimate natures empty of
inherent existence. According to the tradition of the tantras in general, the
practice of the Great Seal is considered in terms of ground, path and result. As a
‘path’, it comprises a sequence of systematic advanced meditations on
emptiness and pure appearance, integrating the techniques of calm abiding and
penetrative insight, which focuses on the nature of the meditator’s own mind.
This type of meditation is popular in both the Kagyu and Gelug schools of
Tibetan Buddhism. As a ‘result’, the expression ‘Great Seal’ refers to the state of
buddhahood, the conclusive result or supreme spiritual accomplishment.
According to the Nyingma school, within the context of Mahāyoga in particular,
the term refers to the great seal of buddha-body which secures the ground-of
all consciousness (ālayavijñāna) as the mirror-like pristinne cognition. A
distinction is also drawn between the supreme accomplishment of the Great Seal
(phyag-rgya chen-po mchog-gi dngos-grub), which is to be attained in the course
of the meditator’s lifetime, and the coalescent Buddha-body of the Great Seal
(zung-’jug phyag-rgya chen-po’i sku), which is identified with the inner
radiance of the Buddha-body of Reality.
Greater Vehicle theg-pa chen-po, Skt. mahāyāna
When the Buddhist teachings are classified according to their power to lead
beings to an enlightened state, a distinction is made between the teachings of the
Lesser Vehicle (hῑnayāna) and those of the Greater Vehicle. In terms of
motivation, the practitioner of the Lesser Vehicle emphasises the individual’s
own freedom from cyclic existence as the primary motivation and goal and the
practitioner of the Greater Vehicle emphasises altruism and has the liberation of
all sentient beings as the principal objective. As the term ‘Greater Vehicle’
implies, the path followed by bodhisattvas is analogous to a large carriage which
can transport a vast number of people to liberation, as compared to a smaller
vehicle for the individual practitioner. In terms of philosophy, the principal
philosophical schools of the Lesser Vehicle are Vaibhāṣika and Sautrāntika and
those of the Greater Vehicle are Cittamātra and Madhyamaka. In terms of the
path, the Lesser Vehicle emphasises complete renunciation of dissonant mental
states and the practice of the four nble truths and the twelve links of
dependent origination, while the Greater Vehicle allows the taking on to the
path of dissonant mental states and emphasises the practice of the six
perfections. According to the Greater Vehicle, the entire path towards the
attainment of buddhahood is presented within the framework of two main
systems or vehicles (yāna), those of the sūtras (sūtrayāna) and the tantras
(tantrayāna). The former, also known as the vehicle of bodhisattvas
(bodhisattvayāna), entails a progression from fundamental ignorance to
enlightenement which may take place over an immeasurable number of
lifetimes. The latter, also known as the Vehicle of Indestructible Reality
(Vajrayāna) or the vehicle of secret mantras (guhyamantrayāna), includes the
preliminary practices and the generation and perfection stages of meditation
through which it is said that enlightenment can be achieved in a single lifetime.
Ground gzhi
See under Continuum of the Ground.
Ground-of-allkun-gzhi, Skt. ālaya
According to the Great Perfection, the ground-of-all is identified with the
continuum of the ground. This ground-of-all is therefore contrasted with the
ground-of-all consciousness (Skt. ālayavijñāna). See Aggregate of
Consciousness.
Ground-of-all Consciousness kun-gzhi’i rnam-par shes-pa, Skt. ālayavijñāna
See under Aggregate of Conscoousness.
Guhyagarbhatantra rGyud gsang-ba’i snying-po
The most all-embracing of the eighteen Mahāyoga tantras, focusing specifically
on the maṇḍala of the forty-two peaceful deities and the fifty-eight wrathful
deities. There are three distinct versions of the Guhyagarbhatantra, respectively
in 82, 46 and 22 chapters, and it is the last of these that is most widely studied.
All of these versions are included within the general cycle of the Tantra of the
Magical Net (Māyājālatantra). See under Magical Net and Gyurme Dorje’s
‘Brief Literary History’.
Habitual Tendencies bag-chags, Skt. vāsanā
The deep-seated propensities and habitual tendencies inherited from our past
actions. This concept of habitual tendencies is critical to the Buddhist
understanding of the causal dynamics of karmic actions as well as its
understanding of the process of conditioning. For example, when a person
commits an act, such as the negative act of killing, the act itself does not last. So
that which connects the committing of this act and the experiencing of its
consequence in the future, in some instances in a future life, is the habitual
tendencies imprinted upon one’s psyche by the act committed. Similarly, when a
strong emotion such as a powerful feeling of hatred arises, although the actual
emotion may subside after a while, the experience leaves a mark or an imprint,
which will continue to have an impact on the person’s attitudes and emotions as
well as behaviour. It is the collection of such countless habitual tendencies
imprinted in our psyche by dissonant mental states that constitutes the
obscuration of misconceptions concerning the known range of phenomena (Skt.
jñeyāvaraṇa), the total eradication of which occurs only when one achieves full
awakening or buddhahood. See Obscuration.
Hand-gestures phyag-rgya, Skt. mudrā
See Seal.
Hatred zhe-sdang, Skt. dveṣa
See Aversion.
Hayagriva rta-mgrin
The name of a wrathful deity, usually red in colour, with a green horse’s head
and neck (rta-mgrin) protruding from amongst the hair on his head. The
teachings and the texts associated with Hayagrῑva belong within the sādhana
class of Mahāyoga, where they are known as the tantras of buddha-speech. In
this respect, Hayagrῑva is considered to be the wrathful counterpart of
Avalokiteśvara. More generally, as in our text, he is depicted as a gatekeeper of
certain maṇḍalas and sacred shrines. See Appendix Two.
Heart-mantra snying-po, Skt. hṛdaya
See Mantra.
Heart-mantra of Dependent Origination rten-’brel snying-po, Skt.
pratῑtyasamutpādahṛdaya
The heart-mantra of dependent origination, YE DHARMĀ HETUPRABHAVĀ
HETUN TESĀM TATHĀGATO HY AVADAT TESĀM CA YO NIRODHO
EVAṂ VĀDĪ MAHĀŚRAMANAH, can be translated as ‘Whatever events arise
from a cause, the Tathāgata has told the cause thereof, and the great virtuous
ascetic also has taught their cessation as well.’ See Mantra and Dependent
Origination.
Hell [Realms] na-rag dmyal-ba’i gnas/dmyal-ba, Skt. naraka
See Eihteen Hells.
Hermit Buddha rang-rgyal, Skt. pratyekabuddha
The practitioners of the Lesser Vehicle (hῑnayāna) include both pious
attendants (śrāvaka) and hermit buddhas. Among these, the hermit buddhas are
those who pursue the path to liberation without relying on a teacher, following a
natural predisposition. According to Maitreya’s Ornament of Emergent
Realisation, the accomplishment of the hermit buddhas is considered to surpass
that of the pious attendants in the sense that they realise the emptiness of
external phenomena, composed of atomic particles, in addition to realising the
emptiness of the individual personality (pudgala). However, unlike bodhisattvas
they are said not to realise that the internal phenomena of conciousness too are
without inherent existence. The realisation of a hermit buddha relies not only
on the renunciation or monastic discipline, which is also undertaken by pious
attendants, but on their comprehension of the twelve links of dependent
origination and ability to reverse these through the power of meditation.
Hero dpa’-bo, Skt. vῑra
See Spiritual Hero.
Heruka khrag-’thung/he-ru-ka
In general, the term heruka is an epithet for all wrathful male meditational
deities, although in specific contexts it may refer exclusively to the
meditational deity Ṡrῑheruka and related meditational deities such as
Cakrasamvara. In the context of the present work, the term refers only to the six
wrathful male buddhas: Mahottara Heruka, Buddha Heruka, Vajra Heruka,
Ratna Heruka, Padma Heruka, and Karma Heruka. Literally, the term can be
interpreted as ‘blood-drinker’, ‘blood-drinking hero’, ‘delighting in blood’, or
‘holding a blood-filled skull’. See Appendix Two.
Higher Existences gnas mtho-ris, Skt. svarga
The three higher realms of the gods, antigods, and humans.
Highest Yoga Tantra bla-med rgyud, Skt. yoganiruttaratantra
See Unsurpassed Yogatantra.
Hundred Sacred Enlightened Families dam-pa rigs-brgya
Those of the forty-two peaceful deities and the fifty-eight wrathful deities. See
Appendix Two.
Hundred-syllabe Mantra yig-brgya
The hundred-syllable mantra of Vajrasattva may be interpreted as follows: ‘OM
Vajrasattva! Protect my commitments! Vajrasattva! Let them be firm! Let me be
steadfast! Let me be satisfied! Let me be nourished! Let me be loved! Bestow all
accomplishments upon me! With regard to all my past actions, make my mind
virtuous! HŪṂ (seed-syllable of buddha-mind)! HA (four immeasurables)! HA
(four empowerments)! HA (four delights)! HA (four buddha-bodies)! HOH
(joyous laughter) ! Transcendent One! Indestructible Reality of all the
Tathāgatas! Do not forsake me! Make me into indestructible reality! Great Being
of Commitment! ĀḤ (non-dual union).’ The recitation of this mantra, in
conjunction with the visualisation of Vajrasattva and the confession of
negativity, is an essential component of the preliminary practices (sngon-’gro).
See Chapter 1 and Vajrsattva.
Ignorance ma-rig-pa, Skt. avidyā
See under Fundamental Ignorance.
Illusion-like Body sgyu-ma’i lta-bu lus
See under Illusory Body.
Illusory Body sgyu-lus
A specific Vajrayāna concept, the term ‘illusory body’ refers to a unique
embodiment in which an advanced yogin arises at a high level of the perfection
stage according to the Unsurpassed Yogatantras. The arising of the yogin in the
form of the illusory body occurs when an indivisible unity of buddha-body,
speech and mind has been actualised at the conclusion of the generation and
perfection stages of meditation. The attainment of the illusory body is divided
into two stages; the attainment of the impure illusory body (ma dag-pa’i sgyu
lus) and then attainment of the pure illusory body (dag-pa’i sgyu-lus). The first
stage is called impure because the yogin is still not totally free from all habitual
tendencies that obstruct subtle knowledge. When the yogin attains the pure
illusory body, which is in union with inner radiance, this marks the attainment of
the highest union that is the full awakening of buddhahood, the attainment of
the Buddha-body of Perfect Resource. According to the perfection stage of
meditation, there are distinctive meditations which focus on the impure illusory
body and the pure illusory body. In the former case, the meditation focuses on all
physical phenomena as being dream-like and illusory in manner, without
inherent existence. In the latter case, the meditation focuses on the maṇḍala of
deities visualised according to the so-called twelve similes of illusion (sgyu-ma’i
dpe bcu-gnyis).
Impermanence mi-rtag-pa, Skt. anitya
Impermanence, along with suffering and the absence of self-identity, is
regarded in Buddhism as one of the three marks or characteristics of causally
conditioned phenomena. Although Buddhist literature mentions various degrees
of impermanence, in general it can be defined as the moment by moment
changing nature of all things. Nothing endures through time without change, and
the process of change is dynamic and never ending, reflecting the nature of flux
and fluidity in conditioned existence. This fundamental quality of impermanence
extends to both the external world and the perceiving mind.
Imperecatory Female Spirits ma-mo, Skt. mātaraḥ The imprecatory female
spirits are generally depicted as ugly, ferocious, dark-complexioned, and half
naked with emaciated breasts and matted hair. They invoke curses and
imprecations, inflicting plague (dal-yams) on living beings. The mundane
imprecatory female spirits of Tibet were subdued by Padmasambhava on Mount
Chuwori, while the supramundane category includes the protectress Srῑdevῑ (Tib.
dpal-ldan lha-mo) in the form Rematῑ, and the eight mātarah (ma-mo brgyad)
headed by Gaurῑ, who form one subcategory of the fifty-eight wrathful deities.
See Appendix Two. One of the eight principal meditational deities of the
Mahāyoga sādhana class is known as Imprecatory Mātaraḥ (ma-mo rbod
gtong).
Incalculable Aeon grangs-med bskal-pa, Skt. asaṃkhyeyakalpa
The expression incalculable aeon indicates a period of time equivalent to 10 to
the power of 59 lesser aeons.
Indestructible Chains of Inner Radiance ’od-gsal rdo-rje lu-gu-rgyud
The appearance of indestructible chains of light or inner radiance occurs
through the meditative technique known as All-surpassing Realisation (thod
rgal ), according to the Great Perfection (rdzogs-pa chen-po). The arising of
these chains of light is an indication of the natural expression (rang-bzhin) of
intrinsic awareness (rang-rig), through which the Buddha-body of Perfect
Resource becomes manifest.
Indestructible Cross-legged Posture rdo-rje’i skyil-krung, Skt. vajrāsana
Contrasted with the ‘lotus posture’ (Skt. padmāsana), this ‘indestructible
posture’ is formed by crossing the legs with the feet upturned and folded along
the thighs. In the case of the indestructible posture the right leg is folded above
the left, whereas in the lotus position the left leg is folded over the right. This is
one of the optimum recommended meditation postures, included in the Seven
point Posture of Vairocana .
Indestructible Expanse rdo-rje’i dbyings, Skt. vajradhātu
Generally a synonym for the expanse of reality (Skt. dharmadhātu) or
emptiness. In certain contexts it also refers to the name of the central figures of
the Vajradhātu maṇḍala of the Yogatantras.
Indestructible Hell rdo-rje dmyal-ba, Skt. vajranaraka
A synonym for the hell of ultimate torment (Skt. Avῑci), which relates to the
admonition that those who violate their commitments in respect of the Vehicle
of Indestructible Reaity are reborn there. See Eighteen Hells.
Indestructible Reality rdo-rje, Skt. vajra
The fully enlightened buddha-body, speech and mind are described as
indestructible reality. This suggests that the fruitional attributes of buddhahood
are adamantine and indivisible, for they are invulnerable to all degrees of
physical, verbal and mental defilement.
Individual Disciplines so-sor thar-pa, Skt. prātimokṣa
See under Pratimokṣa.
Inherent Existence rang-ngo-bo-nyid, Skt. svabhāvatā
The term ‘inherent existence’ refers to the ontological status of phenomena,
according to which phenomena are attributed with existence in their own right,
inherently, in and of themselves, objectively, and independent of any other
phenomena such as our conception and labelling. The Madhyamaka schools of
thought refute such a nature of existence and argue that nothing exists inherently,
for nothing can be found to exist independently from conceptuality and labelling
when scrutinised through an ultimate analysis. The Madhyamaka schools hold
that things exist only conventionally and their existence can be validated only
within a relative framework of conventional reality. Absence of such an
ontological reality, i.e. the absence of the inherent existence of all phenomena, is
defined as the true nature of reality, emptiness, by the Madhyamaka schools
and by the tantras.
Inner Radiance ’od-gsal, Skt. prabhāsvara
Sometimes also translated as ‘clear light’, the Tibetan term ’od-gsal, which has
been rendered here as ‘inner radiance’, refers in the context of the perfection
stage of meditation (Skt. sampannakrama) to the subtlest level of mind, i.e. the
fundamental, essential nature of all our cognitive events. Though ever present
within all sentient beings, this inner radiance becomes manifest only when the
gross mind has ceased to function. Such a dissolution is experienced by ordinary
beings, naturally, at the time of death, but it can also be experientially cultivated
through the practices of Unsurpassed Yogatantra. A fundamental distinction is
made between the inner radiance of the ground (gzhi’i ’od-gsal) and the inner
radiance of the path (lam-gyi ’od-gsal). The former, which is also known as the
‘mother inner radiance’ (’od-gsal ma), occurs naturally at the time of death,
when it indicates the presence of the Buddha-body of Reality (dharmakāya),
but which may not be accompanied by an awareness of its nature. The latter,
which is also known as the ‘child inner radiance’ (’od-gsal bu) is an awareness
of the ultimate nature of mind cultivated by the meditator in life, i.e. the
realisation of the nature of the ‘mother inner radiance’ as it is developed in
meditation. Buddhahood is achieved when the ‘mother inner radiance’ and
‘child inner radiance’ conjoin. See Chapters 8, 10 and 11. Chapter 11, in
particular, differentiates three successive phases of inner radiance which are
experienced at the time of death and immediately thereafter: the primary inner
radiance (bar-do dang-po chos-nyid ’od-gsal), which is identified with the inner
radiance of the ground, the secondary inner radiance (bar-do ’od-gsal gnyis-pa),
which is identified with the inner radiance of the path, and the tertiary inner
radiance (bar-do ’od-gsal gsum-pa), which is identified with the subsequent
arising of the Peaceful and Wrathful Deities during the intermediate state of
reality (chos-nyid bar-do).
Inner Tantras of Skilful Means nang thabs-kyi rgyud
The collective name for the tantras of Mahāyoga, Anuyoga and Atiyoga. See
also under Vehicle.
Intentional Lineage of the Conquerors rgyal-ba dgongs-pa’i brgyud-pa
According to the Nyingma school, the Buddhist teachings are said to have been
transmitted through six lineages (brgyud-pa drug). Among these, the first, which
is known as the ‘intentional lineage of the conquerors’, refers to the enlightened
intention (dgongs-pa) of Samantabhadra, which confers the realisation of the
atemporal Buddha-body of Reality, as a blessing upon the male and female
buddhas of the Buddha-body of Perfect Resource.
Intermediate State bar-do, Skt. antarābhava
The original usage of the term within the literature of classical Buddhist
abhidharma suggests that it referred exclusively to the period between the time
of death and the time of rebirth. According to the Nyingma and Kagyu schools,
however, the term ‘intermediate state’ refers to key phases of life and death
identified as: the intermediate state of living (rang-bzhin bar-do), the
intermediate state of meditative concentration (bsam-gtan bar-do), the
intermediate state of dreams (rmi-lam bar-do), the intermediate state of the
time of death (’chi-kha’i bar-do), the intermediate state of reality (chos-nyid
bar-do) and the intermediate state of rebirth (srid-pa’i bar-do). During each of
these phases, the consciousness of a sentient being has particular experiential
qualities, and corresponding to these qualities of experience there are specific
meditative techniques conducive to realisation of the ultimate nature of mind and
phenomena. See Chapter 3 and individual entries below.
Intermediate State of Dreams rmi-lam bar-do
The intermediate state of dreams begins from the moment of falling asleep and
ends when we awake. This intermediate state offers the opportunity for the
practitioner to recognise the similarity between the illusory nature of dreams and
that of our waking state. This practice is cultivated in the context of dream yoga
where the ability to maintain awareness of the ultimate nature of mind and
phenomena during both deep sleep and dreaming is refined.
Intermediate State of Living rang-bzhin bar-do
The intermediate state of living begins at the time of birth and continues until the
time of death. Having obtained a precious human form with the ability to
recognise our actual condition, the opportunity arises to adopt a way of life and
to engage in the practices that lead to buddhahood. See Chapters 3 and 1, 2, 4,
5, 6 and 7.
Intermediate State of Meditative Concentration bsam-gtan bar-do
The intermediate state of meditative concentration entered during the waking
state provides the opportunity for the practitioner to cultivate meditative
equipose (samāhita , Tib. mnyam-bzhag) and thereby to achieve stability in the
generation and perfection stages of meditation. This in turn deepens an
unbroken awareness of the ultimate nature of mind and phenomena in post
meditative activities and prepares the meditator for the intermediate state of the
time of death. See Chapters 3 and 1, 2, 4, 5, 6 and 7.
Intermediate State of Reality chos-nyid bar-do
The intermediate state of actual reality arises after the intermediate state of the
time of death (’chi-kha’i bar-do) and before the intermediate state of rebirth
(srid-pa’i bar-do). Here the opportunity occurs, based on the practices adopted
during one’s lifetime, to recognise the natural purity and natural
transformation qualities of the ultimate nature of mind in the form of
luminosities, rays, sounds and meditational deities. See Chapters 3 and 1 1.
Intermediate State of Rebirth srid-pa’i bar-do
The intermediate state of rebirth is entered after the intermediate state of
reality when the consciousness arises in the form of a mental body, conditioned
by the individual’s inheritance of past actions, and the individual begins to
experience both the surroundings where he or she died and the unfolding of
experiential states driven by the momentum of past actions. If liberation from
cyclic existence is not achieved during this intermediate state it comes to an end
at the moment of conception. Since consciousness is said to possess certain
heightened qualities during this period there is a potential to achieve liberation,
or at the very least a favourable rebirth, at various key stages as this state is
traversed. See Chapters 3 and 1 1.
Intermediate State of the Tme of Death ’chi-kha’i bar-do
The intermediate state of the time of death is entered at the time when the
process of dying definitively begins, and ends with the onset of the intermediate
state of reality. It includes the gradual dissolution of the five elements and their
associated modes of consciousness and culminates with the arising of the inner
radiante of the ground (gzhi’i ’od-gsal). The natural arising of inner radiance
immediately after respiration ceases is regarded as a supreme opportunity to
realise the Buddha-body of Reality. See Chapters 3, 8, 10 and 1 1.
Intrinsic Awareness rang-rig, Skt. svasaṃvitti/svasaṃvedana
According to Indian Buddhist epistemology, and particularly in the writings of
the great logicians Dignāga and Dharmakῑrti, the term svasaṃvedana refers to
the apperceptive or reflexive faculty of consciousness, for which reason it is
sometimes rendered as ‘reflexive awareness’ or ‘apperceptive awareness’.
However, in the view of the Great Perfection (rdzogs-pa chen-po) and in the
context of the present work, the same term refers to the fundamental innate mind
in its natural state of spontaneity and purity, beyond the alternating states of
motion and rest and the subject-object dichotomy. It is therefore rendered here as
‘intrinsic awareness’. As such, intrinsic awareness gives the meditator access to
pristine cognition or the biddha-mind itself, and it stands in direct contrast to
fundamental ignorance (avidyā ), which is the primary cause of rebirth in
cyclic existence (saṃsāra). The direct introduction to intrinsic awareness is a
distinctive teaching within the Nyingma school and the principal subject matter
of Chapter 4. This practice is a central component of the Esoteric Instructional
Class (upadeśa) of Atiyoga, where it is known as Cutting throuth Resistance
(khregs-chod). See also Awareness and Mind.
Intrinsic Awareness which is Pristine Cognition rang rig-pa’i ye-shes
Generally this term refers to the pristine cognition arising from the direct
realisation of emptiness by a sublime being (ārya, Tib. ’phags-pa) in the
context of deep meditative equipoise. This is so called because the nature and
qualities of that experience can never be fully conveyed by means of language
and words but remains totally evident to the yogin himself. In the context of the
Great Perfection however, as exemplified by our text, the fusion of the
meditator’s intrinsic awareness with the pristine cognition of buddha-mind
indicates not only that intrinsic awareness provides access to buddha-mind, but
that the identity of the two has been fully realised. See also Intrinsic Awareness
and Pristine Cognition.
Introduction ngo-sprod
A genre of pith instructions in which the nature of actual reality or intrinsic
awareness is formally introduced (rig-pa’i ngo-sprod), in a clear immediate
manner, by a qualified spuritual teacher. See Chapter 4.
Invitation spyan-’dren-pa, Skt. upanimantraṇa The term ‘invitation’ refers to
the meditative process of the tantras, whereby the actual meditational deity or
Being of Pristine Cognition ( jñānasattva, Tib. ye-shes sems-dpa’) is formally
invited by the meditator to enter into the previously visualised form, known as
the Being of Commitment (samayasattva, Tib. dam-tshig sems-dpa’).
Jambudvīpa ’dzam-bu gling
See under Four Continents and Eght Subcontinents.
Kagyu bka’-brgyud
One of the four main traditions or schools of Tibetan Buddhism. The Kagyu
lineage tradition stems from the great acomplished masters (mahāsiddha) of
India such as Tilopa, Naropa and Maitripa through to Khyungpo Neljor, who
founded the Shangpa Kagyu lineage, and Marpa Lotsāwa, who formed the
Dagpo Kagyu lineage. The latter comprises four major sub-schools, namely the
Karmapa, the Tshalpa, the Barompa and the Phagmodrupa, the last of which is
further divided into the branches of the Drigungpa, Taglungpa, Drukpa, Yazang,
Trophu, Shugseb, Yelpa, and Martshang. These traditions integrate practices
derived from both the sūtras and the tantras. There is a particular emphasis on
the Great Seal(Mahāmudrā) system of practice and on perfection stage
practices such as the Six Yogas of Naropa.
Kāmarūpa ka-ma ru-pa
A traditional name corresponding to parts of modern Assam in north-east India
and the adjacent Sylhet region of Bangladesh.
Kangyur and Tengyur bka’-bstan rnam-gnyis
The Kangyur is the Tibetan Buddhist canon containing the original sūtras and
tantras translated from Indian sources. The Kangyur, as we now know it, was
formalised as a complete collection by the great fourteenth-century Tibetan
scholar and encyclopaedist Buton Rinchendrub. Buton was also instrumental in
the compilation of the Tengyur, the canonical collection containing translations
of authoritative Indian commentarial works. Many manuscript versions of these
anthologies were prepared over the centuries, and important xylographic editions
were published at Narthang, Derge, Lhasa, Litang, Cho-ne, and Beijing.
‘Kangyur’ (bka’-’gyur) literally means the translated sacred words or transmitted
precepts of the buddhas, and ‘Tengyur’ (bstan-’gyur), the translated
commentaries.
Kaṅkaṇīdhāraṇī kaṅ-ka-ṇῑ gzungs
The name of an incantation text associated with Akṣobhya-Vajrasattva, through
which offerings are made on behalf of the deceased.
Karma las
See Past Actions.
Karma Family las-kyi rigs, Skt. karmakula
One of the five enlightened families (pañcakula) into which the meditational
deities of the Buddha-body of Perfect Resource are subdivided. The deities of
the Karma family include the peaceful buddhas Amoghasiddhi and Samayatārā
and the corresponding wrathful aspects Karma Heruka and Karmakrodheśvarῑ.
See Appendix Two.
Karma Lingpa karma gling-pa
Karma Lingpa ( fl. fourteenth century) is the treasure-finder who extracted
from Mt Gampodar in Dakpo the cycle of teachings known as the Peaceful and
Wrathful Deities: A Pro found Sacred Teaching, [entitled] Natural Liberation
through [Recognition of] Enlightened Intention (Zhi-khro dgongs-pa rang-grol ),
to which our present text belongs. See Gyurme Dorje’s ‘Brief Literary History’.
Karmaprasiddhi byang-phyogs las-rab brtsegs-pa’i zhing-khams
The northern buddha field of the ‘Mound of Excellent Activities’
(Karmaprakūṭa), otherwise known as the ‘Matrix of Enlightened Activities’
(Tib. las-rab grub-pa, Skt. Karmaprasiddhi), is the paradise presided over by the
male buddha Amoghasiddhi . See Appendix Two.
Kāya sku See Buddha-body.
khaṭvāṅga khaṭ-vāṅga Literally meaning ‘bedpost’, the khaṭvāṅga is a tantric
staff, comprising a long eight-sided shaft of white sandalwood, sealed with a
half-vajra at its base, and a crossed-vajra at its top, replete with streamers and
surmounted by stacked skulls and human heads, indicative of the energy centres
of body, speech and mind within the sbtle body. In general, the khaṭvāṅga
symbolises the union of great bliss and emptiness.
King Spirits rgyal-po
A class of male spirits who are said to have assumed their particular forms
through a preponderance of anger and hatred. Their many mundane forms are to
be differentiated from the five supramundane forms of the protector deity Pehar
(rgyal-po sku lnga), which are respectively known as the kings of body, speech,
mind, attributes and activities.
Kriyātantra bya-ba’i rgyud
The first of the three outer classes of tantra, which form one subcategory of the
six classes of tantra, and the fourth of the nine vehicles, according to the
Nyingma school of Tibetan Buddhism. Kriyātantra emphasises outer ritual
practices such as the making of offerings, prostration, and praises to the
meditational deity visualised in the space before one.
KYE HO kye-ho
An exclamation of astonishment or wonder.
Lake-dwelling Medicinal Spirits mtsho-sman/’tsho-sman
A group of five, seven or nine female spirits of the sman-mo class who dwell in
lakes, and who are differentiated from the sky-dwelling medicinal spirits (nam
mkha’i sman-mo), the earth-dwelling medicinal spirits (sa’i sman-mo), and the
hybrid serpentine-medicinal spirits (klu-sman). In general, the sman-mo are a
category of indigenous Tibetan spirits, to whom medicinal torma-offerings
(sman-gtor), compounded of medicines, nectars and blood, are made. Foremost
among them are the five sisters of longevity (tshe-ring mched-lnga), who are
embodied in the five main snow peaks of the Everest range. The most powerful
of these medicinal spirits are said to have been bound under an oath of allegiance
by Padmasambhava at Silma in Tsang.
Lay Vows dge-bsnyen-gyi sdom-pa, Skt. upāsakavrata
See Prātimokṣa and Vows.
Lesser Vehicle theg-dman, Skt. hῑnayāna
See Greater Vehicle, Hermit Buddhas and Pious Attendants.
‘Liberating’ Avengers sgrol-ging
This is the name of a class of male sword-wielding spirits, collectively known as
the skyes-bu ging-chen, who are invoked in order to enact the wrathful rites of
‘liberation’.
Liberation grol-ba/sgrol-ba, Skt. mokṣa
In a Buddhist context, the term liberation refers specifically to freedom from
cyclic existence, the karmically conditioned cycle of death and rebirth, and
consequently to freedom from all forms of physical and mental suffering. Such
a liberation can be attained only through the total elimination of fundamental
ignorance and the dissonant mental states, including attachment and
aversion, which afflict the mind and perpetuate the cycle of existence.
Lifelong Companion Gods ’go-ba’i lha
This is a category of spirits who are said to accompany an individual throughout
his or her life, like a shadow, protecting the vitality (bla) of the individual. Five
types of lifelong companion god (’go-ba’i lha lnga) are specifically identified:
the gods of the life-essence (srog-gi-lha), the gods of masculinity (pho-lha), the
gods of femininity (mo-lha), the gods of the countryside (yul-lha), and the gods
of inimical force (dgra-lha).
Lineage brgyud-pa, Skt. paraṃparā
An unbroken line of successive teachers through whom the Buddhist teachings
are transmitted. According to the Nyingma tradition, six forms of lineage are
described: 1) the intentional lineage of the conquerors (rgyal-ba’i dgongs
brgyud), through which the Buddha-body of Reality communicates the
teachings to the Buiddha-body of Perfect Resource; 2) the symbolic lineage of
awareness holders (rig-’dzin brda’i brgyud-pa), through which non-human and
human awareness holders of the highest spiritual accomplishements
symbolically receive the teachings from bodhisattvas of the tenth level; 3) the
aural lineage of authoritative personages (gang-zag snyankhung-gi brgyud-pa),
through which accomplished masters orally transmit the teachings from one
generation to the next; 4) the lineage empowered by enlightened aspiration
(smon-lam dbang-bskur-gyi brgyud-pa), through which a treasure-finder of
concealed texts is identified by their concealer’s solemn affirmation, 5 ) the
lineage of prophetically declared spiritual succession (bka’-babs lung-bstan-gyi
brgyud-pa), through which a treasure-fnder of concealed texts is identified
from the authoritative prophesies of Padmasambhava, and 6) the lineage of the
ḍākinῑ’s seal of entrustment (mkha’-’gro gtad-rgya’i brgyud-pa ), through which
a treasure-finder is granted codified teachings by the lords of the treasure in
fulfilment of the concealer’s former aspiration.
Lineage Holder brgyud-pa’i ’dzin-pa, Skt. paraṃparādhara
One who maintains any of the six lineages and takes responsibility for their
continued transmission from one generation to the next. See previous entry.
Longchen Rabjampa klong-chen rab-’byams-pa
A prolific writer (1308 - 63), regarded as one of the greatest masters of the
Nyingma school, Longchen Rabjampa is renowned for his systematic
commentaries on the nine vehicles, the perspective of Atiyoga, and his
revelation of the texts and practices contained in the Four-part Innermost
Spirituality (sNying-thig ya-bzhi). His commentary on the Guhyagarbhatantra,
entitled Dispelling the Darkness of the Ten Directions (Phyogs-bcu’i mun-sel), is
an important source, clarifying the maṇḍala of the forty-two peaceful deities
and the fifty-eight wrathful deities from the perspectives of the ground, path,
and result.
Lotus padma
In Buddhist poetry and the visual arts the lotus, particularly the variety which
grows in water, is often used as a symbol of purity. The lotus grows from an
unclean mire, yet it is clean and unpolluted by the mire surrounding it. One finds
the lotus depicted as the cushion or seat of many meditational deities in
Buddhist tantric iconography. Among the five enlightened families, the Padma
or Lotus family (padma’i rigs) is that of the buddha Amitābha.
Lotus Light Palace padma ’od-kyi pho-brang
The palace or operational field of Padmasambhava. See under Maṇḍala.
Love/Loing Kindness byams-pa, Skt. maitrῑ
In a Buddhist context, loving kindness is defined as a mentalfactor
characterised by a sincere wish that others enjoy happiness. According to this
definition, love is one of the eleven ‘wholesome mental factors’ categorised in
the abhidharma literature. However, in the case of the four immeasurable
aspirations, the word love is used as an abbreviation for ‘great love’ (byams-pa
chen-po, Skt. mahāmaitrῑ) which refers to an altruistic mental attitude that is
unbiased in its love towards all beings and is also spontaneous and natural. It is
said that such a spontaneous sense of universal or unqualified love can only arise
as a result of a systematic meditative training and an understanding of
emptiness.
Lower Existences ngan-song, Skt. durgati
The realms of the animals, anguished spirits, and hells.
Lower Vital Energy ’og-gi rlung
The vital energy located at the lower extremity of the central energy channel
within the subtle body. See VitalEnergy.
Madhyamaka dbu-ma
Derived from the Sanskrit expression madhyamapratipad, meaning the ‘Middle
Way’ between the extremes of eternalism and nihilism, which was expounded
by Sākyamuni Buddha in the earliest sūtras, Madhyamaka (dbu-ma) is the
name of one of the most influential among the four classical schools of Indian
Buddhist philosophy. Within the context of the Madhyamaka school, the Middle
Way refers to the doctrine of emptiness (śūnyatā), which is held to be the
ultimate nature of all things. According to this view, all phenomena, whether
mental or physical, cannot be found to possess any independent or self
validating natures, and their existence and identity are regarded as valid only
within a relative framework of worldly convention. Further, it is propounded that
not only do phenomena exist solely in dependence upon causes and conditions,
but even their identities depend on conceptions and labelling. Nevertheless, this
school holds that, unlike mere fantasies, such as unicorns for example,
phenomena do exist conventionally and their ontology must be accepted as valid.
Such a metaphysical position is designated the ‘Middle Way’ in that it is the mid
point between the extremes of total non-existence of reality, or nihilism, and the
positing of an absolute, independent existence of reality, or eternalism.
Founded by Nāgārjuna in the second century AD, the Madhyamaka school later
evolved two subdivisions: Prāsaṅgika and Svātantrika, based on the different
interpretations of Nāgārjuna’s views which were made by Buddhapālita (later
elucidated by Candrakῑrti) and Bhavaviveka respectively. The Tibetan tradition,
while recognising Bhavaviveka’s important contribution to Buddhist logic and
philosophy, considers the Prāsaṅgika technique of reductio ad absurdum to be
the most refined logical method in Buddhism for establishing the view of
emptiness. The distinctive feature of the Prāsaṅgika school is its total denial of
any ontology implying inherent existence of either external objects or
subjective conssciousness. There is also, according to some Tibetan
interpretations, the tradition known as the Great Madhyamaka which in the
course of meditative insight distinguishes between the intrinsic emptiness of
phenomena (rang-stong) and the extrinsic emptiness of pure buddha attributes
(gzhan-stong).
Magical Net sgyu-’phrul drva-ba, Skt. Māyājāla
The most all-embracing cycle of texts among the eighteen Mahāyoga tantras,
focusing specifically on the maṇḍala of the forty-two peaceful deities and the
fifty-eight wrathful deities, and including within its corpus the
Guhyagarbhatantra. As such, it is the basis for all subsequent expositions of
this particular maṇḍala, including the present work. See Gyurme Dorje’s ‘Brief
Literary History’.
Magon Chamdrel ma-mgon lcam-dral
An epithet of the protectress Ekajaṭῑ and Dorje Lekpa, who are revered as the
foremost supramundane protector deities, according to the Atiyoga tradition of
the Nyingma school.
Mahākāla mgon-po nag-po
The supramundane protector deity Mahākāla is a wrathful manifestation of
Avalokiteśvara . The meditative practices associated with this protector are
popular in all four traditions of Tibetan Buddhism.
Mahākaruṇika thugs-rje chen-po The thousand-armed form of Avalokiteśvara.
See Aalokiteśvara.
Mahāyāna theg-pa chen-po
See Greater Vehicle.
Mahāyoga rnal-’byor chen-po’i rgyud
The seventh of the nine vehicles, and first of the three inner classes of tantras,
according to the Nyingma school. Mahāyoga emphasises the generation stage
of meditation (utpattikrama) and the gradual visualisation of elaborate maṇḍalas
of deities. It comprises eighteen basic tantras, such as Guhyagarbha,
Guhyasamāja, and Buddhasamāyoga, as well as a vast number of tantra texts
associated with the so-called eight classes of means for attainment (sgrub-pa
bka’-brgyad), which focus respectively on the deities Yamāntaka, Hayagrῑva,
Srῑheruka, Vajrāmrta, Vajrakῑla, Mātaraḥ, Lokastotrapūjā (’jig-rten mchod
bstod), and Vajramantrabhiru (rmod-pa drag-sngags). These texts are all
contained in the Collected Tantras of the Nyingmapa (rNying-ma’i rgyud-’bum),
and a small but important selection of them is also contained in the Kangyur.
Maitreya rgyal-ba byams-pa
Maitreya is the embodiment of the great loving kindness (mahāmaitrῑ) of all the
buddhas, as visualised in the form of a meditational deity. Maitreya therefore
represents the perfected state of the faculty of love/oving kindness inherent
within each individual’s mental continuum. In addition, Maitreya is also revered
as an eminent historical figure, a bodhisattva who was one of the eight principal
bodhisattva disciples of Sākyamuni Buddha. It is to him that the Five Works of
Maitreya (Byams-chos sde-lnga) are attributed. According to the classical sūtra
literature it is the bodhisattva Maitreya who is the coming buddha, fifth in the
line of one thousand buddhas (Sākyamuni being the fourth) who will descend
to this world during the aspicious aeon. Currently he is said to be residing in the
god realm of Tuṣita. He is also one of the four outer male bodhisattvas among
the forty-two peaceful deities. See Appendix Two.
Major and Minor Marks mtshan-dpe, Skt. laksanānuvyañjana
The Buddha-body of Supreme Emanation is characterised by thirty-two major
marks (Skt. dvātriṃśan-mahāpuruṣalaksaṇa) and eighty minor marks (Skt.
asῑtyanuvyañjana), which are all enumerated in Maitreya’s Ornament of
Emergent Realisation (Abhisamayālaṃkāra, T 3786, vv. 13-17 and 21-32).
These include an array of perfected features of body and speech, which
according to the commentaries are the specific results of diverse aspects of a
buddha’s conduct.
Malevolent/Beguiling Forces bdud, Skt. māra
Buddhist literature speaks of four kinds of beguiling influences which are the
obstacles that impede one’s spiritual transformation. These are the influence of:
our impure psycho-physical aggregates (skandha); our dissonant mentalstates
(kleśa); deva’s son (devaputra), which refers to sensual desires and temptations;
and the lord of death (mṛtyupati), which refers to ordinary death, at the point of
which rebirth in cyclic existence continues rather than the attainment of
buddhahood. As recorded in the life of Śākyamuni Buddha, these archetypal
forces projected images of desire and terror which were designed to interrupt his
mediative equipoise, just prior to his attainment of manifestly perfect
buddhahood at Bodhgaya in India.
Maṇḍala dkyil-‘khor
The Sanskrit word ‘maṇḍala’ conveys a number of meanings - circle, wheel,
circumference, totality, assembly or literary corpus. In the context of Anuyoga
and Atiyoga, the expression ‘three maṇḍalas’ specifically refers to the scope of
buddha-body, speech and mind. Then, in a more general usage, this term
indicates the central (dkyil) and peripheral (’khor) deities described in the tantra
texts. These deities reside within a celestial palace (vimāṇa), which generally has
a perfectly symmetrical design - with four gateways and four main walls
composed of five layers of different colours, each of the features corresponding
to a particular aspect of the principal deity’s, and thereby to the meditator’s, pure
awareness and purity of perception. The maṇḍala thus represents a perfected
state of being and perception encompassing all phenomena. The celestial palace
itself and the deities within it symbolise the perfected states of the meditator’s
own awareness, psycho-physical aggregates, elemental properties, sensory and
mental processes, etc. When such maṇḍalas are represented symbolically, they
may take the form of a two-dimensional image on painted cloth, or they may be
made of coloured sand, or else constructed as a three-dimensional structure,
carved from wood or other materials. The visualisation of maṇḍalas in their
three-dimensional form plays a crucial role in the generation stage of
meditation. Here, these ‘abodes of the deity’ are never perceived of as
independently existing universes but as manifestations of the pristine cognition
of the principal meditational deity being meditated upon. The symbolism of the
maṇḍala of forty-two peaceful deities and fifty-eight wrathful deities, as it
relates to our text, is given in Appendix Two.
Maṇḍala of Offeringss mchod-pa’i maṇḍal
The maṇḍala of offerings is one of the preliminary practices (sngon-’gro), in
which offerings are visualised and offered to the spiritual teacher, meditational
deity or Three Precious Jewels. In general, there are outer, inner, and secret
mandala offerings, corresponding to the Three Buddha-bodies of emanation,
perfect resource and actual reality. In the first, the entire external material
universe, symbolised by Mount Sumeru and the four continents, etc., is offered,
usually using a circular metal base on which are arranged small heaps of rice;
second, the inner maṇḍala of offerings comprises the subtle body, complete
with its energy channels, currents of vital energy and seminal points; and,
third, the secret maṇḍala of offerings is that of actualreality or the ultimate
nature of mind. In the preliminary practices all these are offered one hundred
thousand times as an antidote for attachment.
Mañjuśrī ’jam-dpal
Mañjuśrῑ is the embodiment of the discriminative awareness of all the
buddhas, manifesting in the form of a meditational deity. He is normally
depicted in his seated posture, holding a sword in his right hand (representing
discriminative awareness) and a sacred text in his left hand (indicating his
mastery of all knowledge). Mañjuśrῑ is also revered as an eminent historical
figure who was one of the eight principal bodhisattva disciples of the Buddha;
and he is also one of the four outer male bodhisattvas among the forty-two
peaceful deities. See Appendix Two.
Mantra sngags
The Sanskrit word mantra is an abbreviation of two syllables mana and traya,
respectively meaning ‘mind’ and ‘protection’. Hence ‘mantra’ literally refers to
‘protection of the mind’. The essential indication here is the protection of the
mind from the overwhelming influence of ordinary perceptions and conceptions,
which give rise to deluded states of existence, thus inhibiting the full expression
of buddha nature. More specifically, mantra refers to the pure sound which is
the perfected speech of an enlightened being. The aim of the generation stage
practices is the cultivation of the mode of being of the meditational deity, that
is to say the transformation of mundane body, speech and mind into buddha
body, speech and mind. This is supported in ritual practice by the enactment of
the hand-gestures or seal (mudrā), which are the resonance of buddha-body, by
mantra recitation, which is the resonance of buddha-speech, and by
visualisation, which is the resonance of buddha-mind. In general, three types of
mantra are differentiated: mantras of retention (Skt. dhāraṇῑ, Tib. gzungs
sngags), gnostic mantras (Skt. vidyāmantra, Tib. rig-sngags), and secret
mantras (Skt. guhyamantra, Tib. gsang-sngags). Among these, the first
comprises the mantras associated with the sūtras which are designed to intensify
discriminative awareness, the second are associated with specific deities of the
outer tantras, and designed to intensify skilful means, while the third are
associated with the inner tantras, and are designed to intensify the generation
stage of meditation. The term ‘secret mantra’ is also utilised as a synonym for
the Vehicle of Indestructible Reality (Vajrayāna).
Mantrin sngags-pa
An adept of the vehicle of secret mantra (mantrayāna) in general. However, the
word ngakpa (sngags-pa) is popularly used to denote those practitioners of
tantra who choose to maintain a family life, passing on their teachings through a
familial lineage, in contrast to the celibate life of a monk or nun.
Māra bdud
See under Malevolent / Beguiling Forces.
Martial Haunting Spirits btsan
A class of ghostly or haunting spirits, often depicted as armour-clad, who cause
colic and intestinal disorders. Foremost among them are Tsimara, the protector
of Samye monastery, and Yamshu Marpo. They are generally depicted as red in
colour, brandishing a red lance with a red flag in the right hand and throwing a
red-coloured snare (btsan-zhags) with the left hand, while riding a red horse.
Means for Attainment sgrub-thabs, Skt. sādhana
The literature of the Buddhist tantras is classified into tantra texts and means
for attainment manuals. The former are general expositions concerning the
continua of the ground, path and ressult associated with a particular maṇḍala
of deities, while the latter are specific manuals derived from and inspired by the
former as the detailed means for attainment, or meditative realisation, of a
specific maṇḍala of deities. Such practices have four phases, which are often
known as the four aspects of ritual service and means for attainment
(bsnyen-sgrub yan-lag bzhi).
Meditation sgom, Skt. bhāvanā
Meditation is defined as a disciplined mental process through which a person
cultivates familiarity with a chosen object, be it an external object like an image,
or even a trivial object such as a pebble, etc., or an internal object such as one’s
own mind or personal identity. According to the sūtras, there are two main types
of meditation, one emphasising the faculty of stability and single-pointedness of
mind and the other emphasising analysis and discrimination. The first type of
meditation is absorptive, and produces a quality of mental placement and
tranquillity, known as calm abiding, and the latter, known as penetrative
insight, generates a deeper insight into the profound natures of the chosen
object. In the context of the tantras, meditation additionally includes the
techniques of the generation and perfection stages, as well as those of the
Great Perfection.
Meditational Deity yi-dam, Skt. iṣṭadevatā
Forms or resonances of fully manifest buddhahood whose characteristics are
defined or revealed by the specific tantric practices on the basis of which they
are visualised. After receiving empowerment and guidance concerning an
appropriate meditational deity or maṇḍala of deities from an authoritative
spiritual teacher, the practitioner of the tantras seeks to experientially cultivate
union with the qualities of buddha-body , speech and mind through the practice
of the generation stage of meditation related to a specific meditational deity or
maṇḍala of deities. It is essential that the meditational deities should not be
perceived as externally existing or independent beings but rather as forms or
resonances of buddha-mind itself. Union with the meditational deity is said to
confer supreme accomplishment on the meditator, in contrast to meditation on
the spiritual teacher, which confers blessings, and meditation on the ḍākinῑ,
which confers enlightened or buddha activities.
Meditative Commitment thugs-dam
This refers to a resolute period of meditative equipoise, and the commitments
pertaining to meditative equipoise. Note that the same term is also used as the
honorific equivalent of yi-dam (meditational deity).
Meditative Concentration bsam-gtan, Skt. dhyāna
Meditative concentration is defined as the one-pointed abiding in an undistracted
state of mind free from the taint of dissonant mental states (kleśa). It is an
advanced form of calm abiding, where often both calm abiding and
penetrative insight may be present in perfect union. In the sūtras and
abhidharma literature of the Lesser Vehicle, four states of meditative
concentration are identified as being conducive to birth in the seventeen levels of
the form realm. These are characterised, in their proper order, by a temporary
sojourn from: 1) physical sensations of pain; 2) mental unhappiness; 3) mental
excitements related to pleasure; and 4) mundane experiences of joy as a whole.
In the context of the Greater Vehicle, meditative concentration is the fifth of the
six perfections (Skt. ṣaṭpāramitā).
Meditative Equipoise mnyam-par bzhag-pa, Skt. samāhita
Meditative equipoise refers to a one-pointed placement of the mind on a
meditation object or a theme, such as the selflessness of the individual
personality (Skt. pudgalanairātmya ) and the selflessness of phenomena (Skt.
dharmanairātmya), which invariably occurs in the context of prolonged
meditative stability(Skt. samādhi). It is contrasted with periods of post
meditation (Skt. pṛṣtalabdha, Tib. rjes-thob) during which the meditator arises
from meditative equipoise, and engages with his or her environment.
Meditative Stability ting-nge-’dzin, Skt. samādhi
The Sanskrit term samādhi literally means ‘union’ or ‘combination’, and its
Tibetan equivalent ting-nge-’dzin means ‘adhering to that which is profound and
definitive’. However, the term has several different meanings in different
contexts. For example, in abhidharma texts it sometimes refers to a mental
factor that is part of a group of mental factors present in every veridical
cognition, whereas in the context of meditation, it can be synonymous with
Meditative concentration. In many instances, samādhi refers to specific
meditative states such as diamond-like meditation, lion’s majestic pose
meditation and others enumerated in the sūtras and tantras of the Greater
Vehicle. More specifically, in the Mahāyoga tantras, the term meditative
stability refers to the three phases of the generation and perfection stages of
meditation. These are: the leditative stability of reality (de-bzhin nyid-kyi ting
nge-’dzin), the meditative stability which illuminates all that appears (kun-tu
snang-ba’i ting-nge-’dzin), and the meditative stability of the causal basis
(rgyu’i ting-nge-’dzin), which respectively and sequentially focus on great
emptiness, great compassion and the seals of the meditational deities. In the
Unsurpassed Yogatantras, somewhat different terminology is used in the
contexts of the generation stage and the perfection stage. In the generation
stage, the practice of the means of attainment takes place within the framework
of (i) the initial meditative stability (dang-po sbyor-ba’i ting-nge-’dzin), (ii) the
meditative stability of the victorious rite of the maṇḍala (dkyil-’khor rgyal-chog
gi ting-nge-’dzin), and (iii) the meditative stability of the victorious rite of
enlightened activity (las rgyal-chog-gi ting-nge’dzin ). In the context of the
perfection stage, however, these same terms refer to an advanced level of
realisation.
Mental Body yid-lus, Skt. manokāya
The non-corporeal body assumed during the intermediate state of rebirth,
which is said to have an initial similitude to the physical body of the previous
life. See Chapter 11.
Mental Factor sems-byung, Skt. caitasika See Mind.
Merit bsod-nams, Skt. puṇya Merit refers to the wholesome tendencies
imprinted in the mind as a result of positive and skilful thoughts, words, and
actions that ripen in the experience of happiness and well-being. According to
the Greater Vehicle, it is important to dedicate the merit of one’s wholesome
actions to the benefit of all sentient beings, ensuring that others also experience
the results of the positive actions generated.
Middle Way dbu-ma’i lam, Skt. madhyamapratipad
See Madhyamaka.
Mind sems, Skt. citta
In Buddhism, mind is defined as a dynamic process, which is simply the
awareness of an object or event. In its technical usage mind is contrasted with
fifty-one mental factors, which are enumerated in the abhidharma literature. In
the context of this differentiation the primary function of ‘mind’ is to be aware of
the referent object as a whole, whereas the modalities which relate to the specific
aspects of the object are defined as ‘mental factors’. It is important to
understand that mind in Buddhism should not be conceived of as a static thing or
as something composed of a spiritual substance. Although some Buddhist
philosophical schools of thought do identify mind as the essence of being or
personal identity, the notion of self or person is not an essential component of the
Buddhist concept of mind. In the Dzogchen teachings an important distinction is
made between the Tibetan terms ‘sems’ and ‘rig-pa’. Here, our ‘ordinary mind’
(sems) is the gross dualising consciousness (rnam-shes) whereas pure
awareness (rig-pa) is free from the dualistic perceptions of subject and object.
See Awareness, Intrinsic Awareness, and Consciousness.
Mind of Enlightenment byang-chub sems
See Bodhicitta.
Mindfuness dran-pa, Skt. smṛti Mindfulness is the faculty which enables the
mind to maintain its attention on a referent object, thus allowing for the
development of familiarity with the object and also the ability to retain its
imprint within memory for future recollection. Together with mental alertness, it
is one of the two indispensable mental factors for the development of calm
abiding. It is mindfulness which counteracts the arising of forgetfulness, and
forgetfulness is one of the greatest obstacles to a successful cultivation of
meditative stability.
Monastic Community dge-’dun, Skt. saṅgha
In its classical Buddhist usage, the term refers mainly to the spiritual
communities of ordained practitioners, both monks and nuns (Skt. bhikṣu/
bhikṣuṇῑ). The actual saṅgha, when viewed as an object of refuge in the context
of the Three Precious Jewels, is a highly realised, ‘supreme assembly’ of those
who have gained a direct insight into the true nature of reality - emptiness (i.e.
those who have attained the path of insight).
Monastic Preceptor mkhan-po, Skt. upādhyāya
The term monastic preceptor specifically indicates one who presides over the
monastic ordination ceremony of new monks. However, in some Tibetan
traditions, the word ‘khenpo’ (mkhan-po) suggests an ordained professor of
Buddhist philosophy, in which case it is equivalent to the term geshe (dge-shes)
in its later usage. See Spiritual Friend. The same term can also be used to refer
to the abbot of a monastery, in which case it often takes the honorific form
mkhan rin-po-che, the precious abbot.
Monastic Vows sdom-pa, Skt. saṃvara
See Vows.
Mother and Child Aspeets of Reality chos-nyid ma-bu
The ‘mother’ and ‘child’ aspects of reality are those associated respectively with
the inner radiance of the ground and the inner radiante of the path. See Inner
Radiante.
Motivational Tendencies ’du-byas, Skt. saṃskāra
See Aggregate of Motivational Tendencies.
Mount Gampodar sgam-po-gdar-gyi ri-bo
Mount Gampodar in Dakpo is the treasure-site (gter-kha) from which the cycle
of the Peaceful and Wrathful Deities: Natural Liberation through [Recognition
of] Enlightened Intention (Zhi-khro dgongs-pa rang-grol) was unearthed as
treasure (gter-ma) by Karma Lingpa during the fourteenth century. See Gyurme
Dorje’s
‘Brief Literary History’.
Mount Potālaka ri-bo po-ta-la-ka
Mount Potālaka, the abode of Avalokiteśvara, is reputedly identified with a
mountain in modern Karnataka State, South India, according to the classical
Indian Buddhist tradition. However, in the Chinese Buddhist tradition, it is
identified with the eastern island of Putuo Shan in the bay of Hangzhou.
Mount Sumeru ri-rab
Mount Sumeru is the axis mundi of Indian cosmology, the centre of the world. In
terms of the Hindu, Jain, Buddhist and Bon pilgrimage traditions, it is widely
identified with the sacred Mount Kailash in far-west Tibet. See Four Continents
and Eight Subcontinents.
Nāgārjuna klu-sgrub
A pre-eminent second-century AD Indian scholar and the founder of the
Madhyamaka philosophical school of Buddhist thought.
Natural Expression rang-bzhin, Skt. svabhāva
While the term svabhāva conveys other meanings, such as self-identity and
inherent existence in the contexts of Madhyamaka philosophy and sūtra-based
literature in general, here in the specific terminology of the Nyingma school, it is
rendered as ‘natural expression’ because it describes the dynamic of the
Buddha-body of Perfect Resource. As such, it is contrasted with the essence 
the dynamic of the Buddha-body of Reality, and compassionate energy - the
dynamic of the Buddha-body of Emanation. The Buddha-body of Perfect
Resource is said to be endowed with seven aspects of natural expression: 1)
ripening in the nature of reality, 2) buddha attributes which are spontaneously
present, 3) dimensionless pristine congnition, 4) intrinsic rather than external
manifestation, 5) unqualified sameness, 6) freedom from single and multiple
concepts, and 7) inseparability at all times. In the context of the present work,
the term ‘natural expression’ also refers to the modalities of the twenty-eight
wrathful Īśvarῑ, when contrasted with the ‘natural purity’ (gnas-dag) of the
peaceful deities and the ‘natural transformation’ (gnas-gyur) of the wrathful
deities.
Natural Liberation rang-grol
According to the terminology of the Nyingma school and in the context of the
title of our text Peaceful and Wrathful Deities: Natural Liberation through
[Recognition of] Enlightened Intention (Zhi-khro dgongs-pa rang-grol) the term
‘natural liberation’ refers to a natural process of recognition of the actual nature
of the object, which is free from any form of renunciation or antidote. Dudjom
Rinpoche explains the term ‘natural liberation’ (rang-grol) to mean that
recognition or awareness is ‘uncontrived by any antidote, and all that arises is
liberated without reference to other liberating activities’. This accomplishment is
a distinctive feature of the resultant vehicles, such as Atiyoga, in contrast to the
causal vehicles, in which the application of antidotes and renunciation are
required.
Natural Pristine Cognition rang-byung ye-shes
This term denotes the presence of intrinsic awareness which is pristone
cognition as an uncultivated seed, said to abide atemporally in the mental
continua of all sentient beings. See Intrinsic Awareness and Pristone
Cognition.
Natural Purity gnas-su dag-pa/rnam-par dag-pa
According to the terminology of the Nyingma school and in the context of the
present work, the term ‘natural purity’ refers to the quiescent naturally abiding
purity of the psycho-physical aggregates, elemental properties, and sensory
and mental processes as represented by the forty-two peaceful deities of the
maṇḍala. ‘Natural purity’ indicates the presence of the assembly of peaceful
deities in the continuum of the ground. See Appendix Two.
Natural Transformation gnas gyur-pa
In contrast to the term ‘natural purity’, the term ‘natural transformation’ refers
to the transformative energies of the fifty-eight wrathful deities of the maṇḍala,
which bring about the active transformation of the conditioned psycho-physical
aggregates , elemental properties, and sensory and mental processes. ‘Natural
transformation’ indicates the presence of the assembly of wrathful deities in the
continuum of the ground. See Appendix Two.
Naturally Manifest rang-snang
In the terminology of the Nyingma school, the term ‘naturally manifest’ or
‘intrinsically manifest’ (rang-snang) refers to the non-dual mode in which the
natural radiance (rang-gsal) of pristine cognition (ye-shes) arises as intrinsic
awareness (rang-rig). See Intrinsic Awareness. An important distinction is also
made between the Buddha-body of Perfect Resource, which manifests
naturally or intrinsically, and the Buddha-body of Emanation, which manifests
extraneously (gzhan-snang), for the sake of sentient beings.
Negativity sdig-pa, Skt. pāpa
The negativity arising from the performance of non-virtuous past actions,
which, along with negative obscurations (sgrib) and their habitual tendencies
(bag-chag), all have their basis in delusion, attachment, and aversion.
Negativity, therefore, generates a momentum towards a less favourable rebirth
within cyclic existence. New and Old/Ancient Translation Schools gsar-ma
dang rnying-ma See Nyingma.
Nihilist chad-lta-ba/mur-stug-pa, Skt. naiṣṭhika
Nihilism and eternalism are the two extreme views which must, according to
Buddhist thought, be transcended in order for any philosophical position to be
considered well-founded. Nihilism in general refers to the view that denies the
existence of objects, laws of cause and effect and the principle of dependent
origination . However, based on one’s metaphysical position with regard to the
nature of reality, the criteria of what constitutes a denial of the existence of
phenomena or the law of cause and effect may differ. In ancient India the
nihilist view was characteristic of the Carvāka and Bārhaspatya materialist
schools. See Eternalist and Madhyamaka.
Nine Sequences of the Vehicle theg-pa’i rim-pa dgu
See under Nine Vehicles.
Nine Vehicles theg-pa dgu, Skt. navayāna
In the Nyingma school, the Buddhist teachings are systematised according to a
hierarchy of the three outer or causal vehicles (those of the pious attendants,
hermit buddhas and bodhisattvas), those of the three outer classes of tantra
(Kriyātantra, Ubhayatantra and Yogatantra), and those of the three inner
classes of tantra (Mahāyoga, Anuyoga and Atiyoga). See the nine individual
entries.
Nirvāna myang-’das
Nirvāṇa (lit. ‘state beyond sorrow’) refers to the permanent cessation of all
suffering and the dissonant mental states which cause and perpetuate suffering,
along with all misapprehension with regard to the nature of emptiness (Skt.
śūnyatā). Nirvāṇa is therefore the antithesis of cyclic existence (Skt. saṃsāra).
Since it is through the misapprehension of the nature of actual reality (Skt.
dharmatā) that our conscious states of delusion arise, a total elimination of these
dissonant mental states can only be effected by generating a genuine insight
into the true nature of actual reality. All the bodhisattva paths expounded in the
sūtras and all the aspects of the continuum of the path which are expounded in
the tantras are regarded as the means by which nirvāṇa might be attained.
Classical Buddhist literature mentions three types of nirvāṇa: 1) nirvāṇa with
residue, i.e. the initial state of nirvāṇa when the person is still dependent on his
or her karmically conditioned psycho-physical aggregates (skandha); 2) nirvāṇa
without residue, i.e. an advanced state of nirvāṇa where the former aggregates
have also been consumed within emptiness; and 3) non-abiding nirvāṇa, i.e. a
state that has transcended both the extremes of conditioned cyclic existence and
also the isolated peace or quiescence of nirvāṇa.
Non-virtuous Action mi-dge-ba, Skt. akuśala
See Virtuous Action.
Nucleus of the Sugata/Tathāgata bde-gshegs snying-po / de-gshegs snying-po,
Skt. sugatagarbha/tathāgatagarbha
Both Sugata (One Who Has Gone to Bliss) and Tathāgata (One Who Has Thus
Gone) are epithets of Buddha. However, the expression ‘nucleus of the sugata’
or ‘nucleus of the tathāgata’ refers to the seed of buddha nature present but
uncultivated in the mental continuum of all sentient beings, and without which
the attainment of enlightenment or buddhahood would be impossible. See
Buddha nature.
Nyinda Choje nyin-zla chos-rje
The name of the son of Karma Lingpa. See Gyurme Dorje’s ‘Brief Literary
History’.
Nyinda Ozer nyin-zla ‘od-zer
The name of a second-generation lineage-holder of Karma Lingpa. See Gyurme
Dorje’s ‘Brief Literary History’.
Nyingma rnying-ma
The oldest school of Tibetan Buddhism, based on the teaching traditions and
texts introduced to Tibet during the earliest phase of Buddhist propagation,
which coincided with the reigns of the Buddhist kings of the Yarlung dynasty in
the eighth to ninth centuries. These traditions were introduced from India by
Padmasambhava , Vimalamitra and others, and maintained in Tibet by the
twenty-five disciples of Padmasambhava. The distinction between the old and
new schools of Tibetan Buddhism is made on the basis of the interregnum which
followed the persecution of Buddhism during the ninth century and preceded the
second or later phase of Buddhist propagation when a further corpus of Buddhist
literature was introduced from India by Marpa, Drokmi Lotsāwa, Atiśa, Rinchen
Zangpo and others during the eleventh century. Lineages derived from the earlier
phase and works translated before the interregnum are known as Nyingma, or the
‘Ancient Translation school’, in contrast to those which emerged thereafter and
are known as Sarma, or the ‘New Translation schools’.
Nyingthig snying-thig
The teachings known as the ‘Innermost Spirituality’ or ‘Heart-Essence’ (snying
thig) are the most important and essential pith instructions within the esoteric
instructional class (upadeśavarga) of Atiyoga, including the techniques of
Cutting through Resistance and All-surpassing Realisation. Two distinct
lineages of these teachings were introduced from India by Padmasambhava and
Vimalamitra, and then transmitted with great secrecy in Tibet until the time of
Longchen Rabjampa (fourteenth century), who integrated them in his Four
part Innermost Spirituality (sNying-thig ya-bzhi), from which time they were
widely disseminated and practised. Diverse traditions of Nyingthig are practised
within the treasure (gter-ma) traditions of the Nyingma school, the most
influential in more recent times being the Innermost Spirituality of Longchenpa
(Klong-chen snying-thig), which was revealed during the eighteenth century by
Rigdzin Jigme Lingpa on the basis of his inspirational visions of Longchen
Rabjampa, and which has since become the most popular recension of Nyingthig
teachings throughout Tibet.
Oath-bound Protectors dam-can
A class of protectors of the sacred teachings who are considered to have been
originally indigenous Tibetan spirits, bound under an oath of allegiance to
Buddhism by Padmasambhava during the eighth century.
Obscuration sgrib-pa, Skt. āvaraṇa There are two main categories of
obscurations (sgrib-pa), namely: the dissonant mental states (nyon-sgrib, Skt.
kleśāvaraṇa) which are the obscurations to liberation, and the subtle
propensities of these mental states as well as that of fundamental ignorance,
which constitute the obscurations to omniscience (shes-sgrib, Skt. jñeyāvaraṇa
). As the terms themselves indicate, the first category of obscurations obstruct
the individual from gaining total freedom from karmically conditioned cyclic
existence , and the latter from attaining a direct and non-deceptive realisation of
all aspects of reality. The obscurations to liberation include not only the
conscious states of our deluded mind, such as desire, hatred, jealousy, harmful
intent, etc., but also the psychological habitual tendencies which are imprinted
by these states, which serve as seeds for their continuity and recurrence. The
second category of obscurations refers to the ‘propensities for bewildering
dualistic appearance’ (gnyis-snang khrul-pa’i bag-chags), the subtle dispositions
and latent tendencies which are deeply ingrained within an individual’s psyche
and which are the origins of our dualistic perceptions of the phenomenal world
and of our own consciousness. A total overcoming of both obscurations (Tib.
sgrib-gnyis) marks the attainment of buddhahood.
Obstacle-causing Spirits bar-cad-kyi gdon
The various classes of spirits (gdon) who cause obstacles to individuals and
pollute the environment, which are said to impede certain localities, the physical
body and human activities. In particular, there is an enumeration of eighteen
such spirits to whom paediatric diseases are attributed by the Tibetan medical
tradition.
Obstruting Forces bgegs, Skt. vighna
A class of forces which obstruct spiritual practice, but whose obstacles may be
considered psychologically as cathartic in that their emergence may suggest that
one’s own negative past actions are ripening and therefore their negative impact
is finally maturing and coming to an end. Often when means for attainment are
performed in accordance with the tantras, a torma-offering is dedicated to such
obstructing forces prior to the commencement of the generation stage of
meditation.
Oḍḍiyāna o-rgyan
Oḍḍiyāna, the birthplace of Padmasambhava, is the name of an ancient
kingdom, probably situated in the remote north-west of the Indian subcontinent,
where a large corpus of tantric literature is said to have been propagated in the
human world for the first time. The land of Oḍḍiyāna is associated with a
number of great accomplished masters (siddha), including Padmasambhava,
Kambalapāda, and Lῑlāvajra in particular. On the basis of traditional Tibetan
pilgrimage accounts, such as that written by Orgyenpa Rinchenpel, modern
writers identify Oḍḍiyāna as having been in the region of the Swat valley in
Pakistan. The Tibetan form of Oḍḍiyāna, Orgyen, is also by extension a name
for Padmasambhava himself.
Offering mchod-pa, Skt. pūjā
In a Buddhist context, this refers to offerings made to the meditational deity,
the spiritual teacher or other appropriate objects of veneration. In general, there
are offerings associated with body, speech and mind. Thus, an offering can be of
material substance such as flowers, scented water and food, or a verbal offering,
such as the recitation of songs of praise, or a mental offering, such as the
offering of the positive potentials which one may have accumulated as a result of
having engaged in wholesome deeds beneficial to others. More specifically, the
tantras identify four kinds of offering which are to be made, namely, outer,
inner, secret and definitive offerings. The outer offerings of enjoyment (phyi
nyer-spyod-kyi mchod-pa) are the eight associated with the eight offering
goddesses, including water for the mouth, water for the feet, flowers, incense,
light, perfume, food, and sound, as well as song, dance, and meditation. Inner
offerings of commitment (nang dam-rdzas-kyi mchod-pa) refer to the pure
essences of semen, blood and flesh, transformed through the yoga of the energy
channels, currents and seminal points within the subtile body. Secret offerings
are those of sexual union and ‘liberation’ (gsang-ba sbyor-sgrol-gyi mchod-pa)
related to the esoteric rites and practices which transform the five poisons into
the five pristine cognitions, and definitive offerings are those of great sameness
(de-kho-na-nyid mnyam-pa chen-po’i mchod-pa), namely the union of bliss and
emptiness.
Omniscience thams-cad mkhyen-pa-nyid, Skt. sarvajñatā
In a Buddhist context the word is reserved only for the all-knowing pristine
cognition of the buddhas. Although the original Sanskrit and Tibetan terms, like
their English equivalent, do carry with them the literal connotation of all
knowingness, the principal meaning of the term should be understood in terms of
a direct and simultaneous perception of the dual aspects of reality, i.e. of the
phenomenal aspects (valid only within the relative framework of our ordinary
perceptions) and their ultimate nature, emptiness. In other words the term refers
primarily to a non-conceptual simultaneous perception of the two truths within
a single mental act.
One-day Vows bsnyen-gnas-kyi sdom-pa, Skt. upavāsasaṃvara
See Prātimokṣa and Vows.
Pacification zhi-ba’i las, Skt. śāntikriyā
See under Four Aspects of Enlihtened Activity.
Padma Family padma’i rigs, Skt. padmakula
One of the five enlihtened families (pañcakula) into which the meditational
deities of the Buddha-body of Perfect Resource are subdivided. The deities of
the Padma family include the peaceful buddhas Amitābha and Pāṇḍaravāsinῑ,
and the corresponding wrathful aspects Padma Heruka and Padmakrodheśvarῑ.
See Appendix Two.
Padmākara padma’i ’byung-gnas
See Padmasambhava.
Padmasambhava, padma sam-bha-va
Padmasambhava, also generally known as Guru Rinpoche and Padmākara, is
revered as the master from Oddiyāna who, along with Sāntarakṣita and King
Trisong Detsen, formally established Buddhism in Tibet during the eighth
century. In particular, he is renowned for his suppression and conversion of
malevolent spirits and hostile non-Buddhist forces, as well as for introducing to
Tibet many oral transmissions and texts of Mahāyoga and Atiyoga, including the
teachings contained in our text, the Peaceful and Wrathful Deities: Natural
Liberation through [Recognition of] Enlightened Intention (Zhi-khro dgongs-pa
rang-grol). To practitioners of the Nyingma school, and all those who follow the
practices of the Nyingma lineages, he is revered as a ‘second buddha’, and
there are many systems of meditation based on the visualisation of his rainbow
like form. Tibetan literature contains a number of biographical accounts, which
describe his life in the form of eight or twelve different manifestations. See
Gyurme Dorje’s ‘Brief Literary History’.
Palace pho-brang/gzhal-yas-khang, Skt. vimāna
See under Maṇḍala.
Paradise zhings-khams, Skt. buddhakṣetra
See Buddha Field.
Past Actions las, Skt. karma
The technical term ‘karma’ refers to the dynamic relationship between actions
and their consequences. It includes in its causal aspect both the actual actions
(physical, verbal and mental) and the psychological imprints and tendencies
created within the mind by such actions. After the performance of an action a
causal chain is maintained within the mental continuum which continues through
the present and successive rebirths. Such a karmic potential is activated when it
interacts with appropriate circumstances and conditions, thus leading to the
fruition of its effects. This dynamic of past actions has two main features: 1) one
never experiences the consequences of an action not committed; and 2) the
potential of an action once committed is never lost unless obviated by specific
remedies. It is also worth bearing in mind that the idea of ‘past actions’ in
Buddhism cannot be equated with the notion of causality as understood in a
strictly deterministic sense.
Path lam, Skt. mārga
The means of spiritual practice (view, meditation, conduct and so forth) by
which the resultant goal of any of the nine vehicles might be attained.
Peaceful and Wrathful Deities zhi-khro
See Appendix Two.
Penetrative Insight lhag-mthong, Skt. vipaśyanā
This is an analytical meditative state, penetrating the nature, characteristics or
function of the chosen object of meditation, which is accompanied by physical
and mental suppleness and generated on the basis of mental tranquillity or calm
abiding. The object of such an insight can be mundane, such as the topics of
impermanence and suffering, or supramundane, such as emptiness, the
ultimate nature of reality. This ‘penetrative insight’ can be attained only in union
with calm abiding, and many meditation manuals state that the realisation of
‘calm abiding’ is an essential prerequisite for the cultivation of ‘penetrative
insight’. However, in Unsurpassed Yogatantra there exist advanced techniques
which enable practitioners to attain ‘calm abiding’ and ‘penetrative insight’
simultaneously.
Perception ’du-shes, Skt. saṃjñā
See under Aggregate of Perceptions.
Perfection of Discriminative Awareness sher-phyin, Skt. prajñāpāramitā
Often translated also as ‘perfection of wisdom’, the Sanskrit word
prajñāpāramitā refers to the sixth of the six perfections (Skt. saṭpāramitā)
which are cultivated by bodhisattvas. The term ‘perfection of discriminative
awareness’ has three different applications: firstly, it may refer to the resultant,
perfected discriminative awareness (’bras-bu sher-phyin) of a buddha, which is
totally non-dual, free of all obscurations, and perceives spontaneously in a
single mental act the dual aspects of all phenomena. See Two Truths. Secondly,
it may refer to the bodhisattva paths which lead to the above perfection of
discriminative awareness (lam sher-phyin), blending together at the most
profound level the discriminative awareness of emptiness (śūnyatā) and the
skiful means of great compassion (mahākaruṇā). Thirdly, it may denote the
literature of the Prajñāpāramitā subdivision of the sūtras of the Greater
Vehicle, which outline the essential aspects of those paths and results (gzhung
sher-phyin). Iconographically, Prajñāpāramitā is depicted in the form of a
female meditational deity and the Sanskrit sūtras themselves are invariably
entitled Transcendent Lady who is the Perfection of Discriminative Awareness
(Bhagavatῑprajñāpāramitā). See also under Discriminative Awareness.
Perfection Stage rdzogs-rim, Skt. sampannakrama
Following the meditative generation of the form of the meditational deity and
an approximation of the pristine cognition of the meditational deity during the
generation stage (Skt. utpattikrama), the perfection stage employs techniques
for controlling the energy channels, vital energies and seminal points within
the practitioner’s transmuted body. The purpose is to make manifest the inner
radiance induced by the ever-deepening realisation of the four kinds of
emptiness or ‘dissolution stages’ and of the coemergent pristine cognition
induced by the four delights. The factor that marks the transition from
generation stage to perfection stage is the yogin’s ability to draw the vital
energies (Skt. vāyu) into the central channel. See also Great Perfection.
Perfections pha-rol-du phyin-pa
See under Six Perfections.
Pious Attendant nyan-thos, Skt. śrāvaka
The practitioners of the Lesser Vehicle (hῑnayāna) include both pious attendants
and hermit buddhas (Skt. pratyekabuddha). The primary differences between
them are the focus and modalities of their practice on the path towards
liberation from cyclic existence. The pious attendant places greater emphasis on
destroying the mistaken belief in personal identity (pudgala) by overcoming the
primary and secondary dissonant mental states, while the hermit buddha
additionally comes to realise that objective phenomena are devoid of inherent
existence. Characteristically, the pious attendants depend on oral instructions
when both receiving teachings and when giving guidance to others on the path.
See Hermit Buddha.
Posture of the Bodhisattvas sems-dpa’i skyil-krung, Skt. sattvaparyaṅka
Also known as the posture of royal ease (mahārājalῑlāsana), this is the posture
in which seated male and female bodhisattvas are commonly depicted
iconographically or visualised in meditation in which the right leg is extended
and the left leg drawn in. The extended right leg and foot symbolises the
abandonment of all negative defects, and the drawn in left leg symbolises the
deity’s understanding and cultivation of all positive attributes. As the combined
purity of the deity’s compassionate skilful means (extended right leg) and
discriminative awareness (drawn in left leg), this posture also represents the
abandonment of the two extremes of cyclic existence and nirvāṇa.
Posture of the Lion seng-ge’i ’dug-stangs, Skt. siṃhāsana
The posture of the lion is the posture assumed by Sākyamuni Buddha at the
time of his passing, lying on the right side with his right arm bent at the elbow
and his palm supporting the head.
Posture of Royal Ease rgyal-chen rol-pa’i skyil-krung, Skt. mahārājalῑlāsana
See under Posture of the Bodhisattvas.
Power stobs, Skt. bala
In general, spiritual power is classified, along with discriminative awareness
and compassion, as one of the three principal attributes to be cultivated by
bodhisattvas, symbolised in this case by the form of the Bodhisattva Vajrapāṇi.
More specifically, bodhisattvas cultivate ten spiritual powers (daśabala) with
respect to their reflections, higher aspirations, practice, discriminative
awareness, aspirational prayers, diverse vehicles, modes of conduct,
emanational abilities, enlightenment, and teaching of the sacred doctrine.
Distinct from these are the so-called ten powers of the buddhas
(daśatathāgatabala), which are all included among the categories of buddha
attributes. Buddhas are said to be endowed with spiritual power because they
have: (i) the power of knowing the positive and negative contingencies of all
things, (ii) the power of knowing the maturation of past actions, (iii) the power
of knowing diverse volitions, (iv) the power of knowing diverse sensory
spectra, (v) the power of knowing those who are of supreme ability and those
who are not, (vi) the power of knowing all spiritual paths — wherever they lead,
(vii) the power of omniscience with respect to meditative concentration,
liberation, meditative stability, meditative equipoise, and purification of
dissonant mental states, (viii) the power of recollecting past abodes, (ix) the
power of knowing where consciousness is transferred at the time of death and
rebirth, and (x) the power of knowing that the entire flow of corrupt past actions
has ceased.
Prahevajra dga’-rab rdo-rje
More commonly known in the Tibetan form Garab Dorje, Prahevajra is
regarded as the first human lineage holder of Atiyoga.
Prāsaṅgika thal-’gyur-ba
See Madhyamaka.
Prātimoṣa so-sor thar-pa An individual’s practice of ethical discipline which
acts as a firm foundation for the aspirant’s spiritual endeavour whilst on the path
towards the attainment of liberation from cyclic existence. There are eight types
of prātimokṣa vows: 1) one-day vows (Skt. upavāsa/upavāsῑ), a lay person’s
vow of abstinence, taken only for a twenty-four hour period, from killing, sexual
misconduct, stealing, lying, alcohol, frivolous activities, eating after lunch, and
using high seats or beds; 2-3) the five vows of a lay man and a lay woman (Skt.
upāsaka/ upāsikā) which are not to kill, lie, steal, be intoxicated, or commit
sexual misconduct; 4 — 5) the vows of the novice monk and novice nun (Skt.
śrāmaṇera/ śrāmaṇerikā); 6) the vows of a probationary nun (Skt. śiksamāṇa);
7) the 253 vows of a fully ordained monk (Skt. bhikṣu); and 8) the 364 vows
maintained by fully ordained nuns (Skt. bhiksuṇῑ). Prātimokṣa literally means
‘individual liberation’, or the initial stage of release from the impulsive force of
non-virtuous habits. ‘Prāti’ means ‘individually’ or ‘first’, and ‘mokṣa’,
‘release’, ‘freedom’, or ‘liberation’. See also under Vows.
Preceptor mkhan-po, Skt. upādhyāya
See Monastic Preceptor.
Precious Jewels dkon-mchog, Skt. ratna
See under Three Precious Jewels.
Preliminary Practices sngon-’gro
The preliminary practices are those undertaken by an aspiring practitioner of the
tantras, prior to engaging in the main practices of the generation and perfection
stages of meditation. There are both outer, or common, preliminaries, and inner,
or uncommon, preliminaries. The former are the four analytical meditations
which turn the mind of the practitioner away from worldly distractions and
towards the sacred teachings, namely those focusing: on the nature of the
precious opportunities afforded by human birth; on death and impermanence
(anitya); on the dynamics of past actions (karma) and their consequences; and
on the sufferings of beings within cyclic existence (saṃsāra). The latter are the
five purificatory practices, each of which is performed one hundred thousand
times, namely: the taking of refuge in the Three Precious Jewels, in
conjunction with the act of prostration (which purifies pride); the cultivation of
the altruistic intention to attain enlightenment for the sake of others, in
conjunction with the recitation of the appropriate verses (which purifies envy
and mundane ambition); the recitation of Vajrasattva’s Hundred-syllable
Mantra (which purifies aversion); the offering of the maṇḍala (which purifies
attachment); and the cultivation of union with the enlightened attributes of the
spiritual teacher (guruyoga), in conjunction with the appropriate mantra
recitation (which purifies delusion). See Chapters 1 and 2.
Primordial Purity ka-dag
See Spontaneous Presence.
Pristine Cognition ye-shes, Skt. jñāna
The modality of buddha-mind. Although all sentient beings possess the
potential for actualising pristine cognition within their mental continuum, the
psychological confusions and deluded tendencies which defile the mind obstruct
the natural expression of these inherent potentials, making them appear instead
as aspects of mundane consciousness (vijñāna). Buddhist literature mentions
five types of pristine cognition which are the quintessential perfected states of
our own mental faculties and which are identified with the five male buddhas of
the maṇḍala of Peaceful and Wrathful Deities. See Appendix Two. The
pristine cognition of reality’s expanse (dharmadhātujñāna) is the natural purity
of the aggregate of consciousness, free from delusion; the mirror-like pristine
cognition (ādarśajñāna) is the mind to which all the objects of the five senses
appear spontaneously as in a mirror, it is the natural purity of the aggregate of
form, free from aversion; the pristine cognition of sameness (samatājñāna) is
the mind that experiences the three different types of feelings (good, bad and
indifferent) as of one taste, it is the natural purity of the aggregate of feeling,
free from pride; the pristine cognition of discernment (pratyavekṣaṇajñāna) is
the mind that accurately identifies names and forms, it is the natural purity of the
aggregate of perceptions, free from attachment; and the pristine cognition of
accomplishment (kṛtyupasthānajñāna) is the mind that accords with awakened
activities and their purposes, it is the natural purity of the aggregate of
motivational tendencies, free from envy and self-centred ambition.
Propensities bag-chags, Skt. vāsanā
See Habitual Tendencies.
Prostration phyag-’tshal-ba
A common gesture of reverence in the practice of Tibetan Buddhism. During the
preliminary practices (sngon-’gro) of the tantras, the act of paying homage
through prostration is undertaken, in conjunction with the recitation of the prayer
of refuge, as a means of reducing and eliminating pride.
Protectors of the [Sacred] Teachings chos-skyong/srung-ma, Skt. dharmapāla
There are two main categories of protectors: 1) supramundane protectors, such
as Mahākāla, Ekajaṭῑ, Dorje Lekpa, and Rāhula, who are the wrathful
manifestations of enlightened beings; and 2) worldly protectors, many of whom
were originally malevolent forces who were subdued by accomplished masters
such as Padmasambhava and then assigned to protect the teachings. In both
cases their activity is to protect the sacred teachings and its sincere practitioners
from obstacles.
Provisional Meaning drang-don, Skt. neyārtha
See under Definitive Meaning.
Pure Illusory Body dag-pa’i sgyu-lus
See Illusory Body.
Pure Realm
See Buddha Field.
Pure Realm of the Sky-farers dag-pa’i mkha’-spyod-kyi zhing, Skt.
khecarῑkṣetra
The pure realm or fields of the sky-farers represents the level on which the
awareness-holders (vidyādhara) are said to abide.
Pure Vision/Perception dag-pa’i snang-ba
In the terminology of the Nyingma school, the expression ‘pure vision’
frequently refers to a type of revelation, through which meditational deities or
accomplished masters of the past appear in a vision to impart their teachings.
This mode of pure vision, therefore, has some affinity with the revelations of the
treasures (gter-ma). More generally, ‘pure vision’ denotes the purity of
perception of meditational deities, symbolically represented by their respective
maṇḍalas, which is cultivated in the generation stage of meditation. However,
the Tibetan equivalent dag-pa’i snang-ba is also used colloquially to mean a
‘positive perspective’ or ‘positive outlook’ on life.
Purification sbyong-ba, Skt. śodhana
The verb ‘to purify’ has two distinct meanings in a Buddhist context. Firstly,
purification can refer simply to the purification of non-virtuous habits or
dissonant mental states, etc., in which the objects of purification are, without
qualification, totally eradicated from one’s mental continuum. In the second
meaning, which arises more in the context of tantra, the term ‘purification’ has
rather different implications. Here, the significance of the word is understood in
terms of transmutation from an impure, polluted state into an unstained, purified
state. This process is exemplified by the practices related to Carrying the Three
Buddha-bodies on to the Path (sKu-gsum lam-’khyer). In this context, the phases
of ordinary death, intermediate state, and rebirth when experienced
choicelessly as a result of one’s past actions, are the bases of purification. The
meditations on the Three Buddha-bodies are the purifying paths and the
accomplishments of the Buddha-body of Reality, the Buddha-body of Perfect
Resource, and the Buddha-body of Emanation are the purified results.
Purification 
of 
durgatipariśodhana
the Lower Realms ngan-song sbyong-ba, Skt.
This is the Tantra of the Purification of the Lower Realms
(Sarvadurgatipariśodhanatantra ), which is recited to assist the deceased in
avoiding the pitfalls of rebirth as a sentient being trapped in the three lower
existences.
Quiescence zhi-ba, Skt. śānti
This is a synonym for the quiescent state of nirvāṇa, in which all dissonant
mental states and misconceptions concerning actual reality have ended, and
rebirth in cyclic existence no longer occurs. As such, it is the antithesis of the
rebirth process (srid-pa). See also under nirvāṇa.
Rainbow Light [Body] ’ja’-lus
The appearance of rainbow light at the time of death is indicative of the
deceased’s adeptness in the practices of the Great Perfection (rdzogs-pa chen
po) or in certain other perfection stage practices. There are many incidents
recorded in Tibetan biographical literature concerning the attainment of the
rainbow-light body at the time of death. On occasions when this attainment is
residual, the physical body will shrink dramatically or vanish into light, leaving
only the hair or fingernails of the deceased’s physical form behind. However,
when there is no residue, the entire physical form will vanish into light. In these
latter cases, the body of rainbow light (’ja’-lus) or body of light (’od-kyi sku) is
equivalent to the attainment of the Buddha-body of Great Transformation (Skt.
mahāsaṃkrāntikāya, Tib. ’pho-ba chen-po’i sku). See Buddha-body.
Ratna Family rin-chen rigs, Skt. ratnakula
One of the five enlightened families (pañcakula) into which the meditational
deities of the Buddha-body of Perfect Resource are subdivided. The deities of
the Ratna family include the peaceful buddhas Ratnasambhava and Māmakῑ
and the corresponding wrathful aspects Ratna Heruka and Ratnakrodheśvarῑ.
See Appendix Two.
Realisation rtogs-pa, Skt. adhigama
This refers to the spiritual experiences that a practitioner gains through insight
into and transformation of the mental continuum whilst on the path to
enlightenment, and to the resultant attainment of liberation or buddhahood.
Reality chos-nyid, Skt. dharmatā
In our text the term ‘reality’ has been used interchangeably with ‘actual reality’.
See Actual Reality.
Reality’s Expanse chos-dbyings, Skt. dharmadhātu
See Expanse of [Actual] Reality.
Refuge skyabs-’gro, Skt. śaraṇagamana
This term in Buddhist usage indicates the act of entrusting one’s spiritual growth
and well-being to the Three Precious Jewels. The Three Precious Jewels are
the objects of refuge, and the nature of the refuge sought from each of the three
differs. In the Buddha, the fully enlightened teacher, guidance on a correct path
to buddahood is sought; in the sacred teachings, the realisations of the path
are sought; and in the monastic/supreme community (saṅgha) perfect
companionship on the path to buddhahood is sought. The successful taking of
refuge in the Three Precious Jewels requires the following two conditions: a) a
genuine anxiety in the face of the potential for future suffering and b) a genuine
confidence in the capacity of the Three Precious Jewels to offer protection from
these potential sufferings. In the context of our text, the act of going for refuge
constitutes the first of the five uncommon preliminary practices (thun-min
sngon-’gro). Here, the three levels of refuge are recognised: the outer refuge
(phyi’i skyabs-’gro), which is taken in the Buddha, the sacred teachings and the
monastic community; the inner refuge (nang-gi skyabs-’gro), which is taken in
the spiritual teacher, the meditational deity and the ḍākinῑ and the secret
refuge (gsang-ba’i skyabs-’gro), which is taken in the Buddha-body of Reality,
the Buddha-body of Perfect Resource and the Buddha-body of Emanation.
Relative Truth kun-rdzob bden-pa, Skt. samvṛtisatya
See under Two Truths.
Relics gdung/ring-srel
See under Bone Relics.
Renunciation nges-’byung/spang-ba, Skt. naiṣkramya/prahāṇa
The English term renunciation translates both the Tibetan terms nges-’byung and
spang-ba. In the former sense, renunciation refers to Sākyamuni Buddha’s
renunciation of the household life and it is defined as a mental attitude free from
impulsive clinging to all worldly attributes such as wealth, fame, position and
the thought of a favourable rebirth in a future life. It is only on the basis of such
an attitude that the practitioner can spontaneously generate a genuine wish to be
free from cyclic existence. Hence the real meaning of renunciation lies not just
in mere physical separation from objects of desire but more importantly in a
quality of mental liberation which is free from even the slightest degree of
craving for mundane values. The Tibetan word nges-’byung literally means a
‘definite emergence’, indicating a definite emergence from the bonds of our
normally narrow-minded attachment to worldly pleasures. In the latter sense
(Skt. prahāṇa), renunciation refers to the four correct trainings which are
included among the thirty-seven aspects of the path to enlightenment
(bodhipakṣikadharma) cultivated by those aspiring to enlightenment, namely: 1)
to not develop non-virtuous actions which have not arisen, 2) to renounce non
virtuous actions which have arisen, 3) to develop virtuous actions which have
not arisen, and 4) to not renounce virtuous actions which have arisen.
Rinpoche rin-po-che
This term literally means ‘high in value or esteem’, and in ordinary language
indicates a precious jewel. By extension, in Tibetan Buddhism, the term has
come to refer to an incarnate master who is ‘high in value’ or ‘most precious’.
Accordingly, the title ‘Rinpoche’ is widely used by Tibetans to refer to any
incarnate spiritual teacher. See Tulku.
Rite for Affirmation of Vows ’bogs-chog
The rite for the affirmation of vows is that through which the ability to fulfil and
restore impaired commitments taken in association with the tantras is
transferred.
Rites of Enrichment, Pacification, Subjugation and Wrath zhi rgyas dbang
drag-gi las
See Four Aspects of Enlightened Activity.
Rites of ‘Liberation’ sgrol-ba
The rites of ‘liberation’ refers to practices, only to be applied by accomplished
masters who have attained proficiency in consciousness transference, which
end the life of a hostile being who is wholly intent on vicious negative activities.
The consciousness of the harmful being is compassionately transferred to a
realm of higher rebirth thus freeing him or her from the inevitable consequences
of their future and past actions.
Ritual Officiant las-mkhan, Skt. karmācārya
The ritual officiant is the one who leads the students into the presence of a
spiritual teacher at the time when empowerment is conferred, covering the
students’ eyes with a red blindfold and placing a flower and a vajra in their
hands.
Ritual Service bsnyen-pa, Skt. sevā
See Four Aspects of Ritual Service and Means for Attainment.
Rosary phreng-ba, Skt. mālā
The Tibetan rosary generally has one hundred and eight beads, and is used for
the counting of mantra recitations.
Rudra ru-dra
As expounded, for example, in the Sūtra which Gathers All Intentions (mDo
dgongs-pa ’dus-pa) and later treasure (gter-ma) revelations as well, Rudra is the
embodiment of rampant egohood, a being who assumed a powerful malevolent
form, having misapplied the practice of the tantras in a previous life, and who
was consequently subdued by the wrathful means of the buddhas Hayagrῑva or
Mahottara Heruka. The metaphor illustrates the origins of the outer attributes of
the wrathful deities, who are in essence the peaceful deities, but who adopted
the outer terrifying characteristics of Rudra in order to actively confront deep
seated egohood. The metaphor illustrates that the wrathful deities represent the
spontaneous process of transformation of the outer deluded state to its actual or
enlightened nature.
Sacred Substances rdzas, Skt. dravya
According to the tantras, ritual substances or articles are employed in order to
symbolise the bond between the practitioner and the meditational deity and in
some cases these actually symbolise the meditational deities or their attributes.
In the context of an empowerment ceremony, symbolic implements, such as the
vajra and bell, or diadem, vase and so on are known as sacred substances of
empowerment (dbang-rdzas).
[Sacred] Teachings [dam-pa’i] chos, Skt. [sad]dharma
The Sanskrit term dharma carries a very broad range of meanings, derived from
the Sanskrit word dhṛ, meaning ‘to hold’. The Tibetan equivalent chos literally
means ‘change’ or ‘transformation’, and refers both to the process of spiritual
transformation and to the transformed result. Ten classical definitions of dharma
are given by Vasubandhu in his Rational System of Exposition (Vyākhyāyukti),
namely: phenomenon, path leading to enlightenment, attainment of
enlightenment, object of consciousness, merit, living thing, scripture, material
thing, regulation, and spiritual tradition. In terms of the spiritual tradition of
Buddhism, the term refers specifically to the second of the Three Precious
Jewels (Skt. triratna), i.e. to the sacred teachings. See Transmission.
Sakya sa-skya
One of the four principal schools of Tibetan Buddhism, named after a monastery
of the same name which was founded by Khon Konchok Gyalpo in the eleventh
century in western Tibet, at a site which has a slightly whitish rock surface.
Sakya literally means ‘pale earth’. The widespread influence of the early Sakya
masters soon evolved into a whole new school of Tibetan Buddhism, the school
reaching its full maturity during the time of the Sachen Gongma Nga, the five
great founders of Sakya, and in particular through the influence of perhaps the
greatest of these, Sakya Paṇḍita Kunga Gyaltsen. The essence of the Sakya
school’s thought and practice is enshrined in the sets of instructions called ‘the
path and its fruit’ (lam-’bras).
Śākyamuni Buddha śākya thub-pa
Our historical buddha, who is considered to have been the fourth supreme
Buddha-body of Emanation to have appeared during this particular aeon (in
which context Maitreya is regarded as the fifth or future buddha). The Buddha
Sākyamuni is considered by historians to have lived in the sixth century BC and
is credited, according to Buddhist tradition, as the progenitor of all the
contemporary Buddhist lineages relating to the sūtras and certain of those
related to the tantras, and for the establishment of the early Buddhist monastic
community.
Śākyasiṃha śākya senge
An epithet of Śākyamuni Buddha.
Sal Tree shing sā-la
A tall tree (Vatica robusta) indigenous to the Indian subcontinent, with wide
branches and thick foliage.
Samantabhadra kun-tu bzang-po
The male buddha Samantabhadra is the foremost figure in the assembly of the
forty-two peaceful deities. It is important to differentiate the male buddha
Samantabhadra from the male bodhisattva Samantabhadra. See below and
Appendix Two.
Samantabhadra (bodhisattva) byang-sems kun-tu bzang-po
The male bodhisattva Samantabhadra is one of the four outer male bodhisattvas
among the forty-two peaceful deities. See Appendix Two.
SAMAYA rgya rgya rgya
Certain chapters of the present work end with these words of admonition that the
seal of commitment (samayamudrā), through which buddha-mind is secured,
is to be resolutely applied by those who receive the teaching. See Seal and
Commitment.
Saṃsāra ’khor-ba
See Cyclic Existence.
Śāntarakṣita zhi-ba’i ’tsho / mkhan-po bo-dhi-sattva
A monastic preceptor and exponent of Madhyamaka philosophy from Zahor,
who officiated at the great Nālandā Monastic University in India before his
arrival in Tibet at the invitation of King Trisong Detsen during the eighth
century. In Tibet, he was responsible together with King Trisong Detsen and
Padmasambhava for the construction of Samye Monastery, the first Buddhist
monastery to be built in Tibet. King Trisong Detsen, Padmasambhava and
Śāntarakṣita jointly established Buddhism as the state religion of Tibet.
Śāntarakṣita is the author of a highly influential encyclopaedic work on classical
Indian philosophies entitled Tattvasaṃgraha and a short, but influential, work on
Madhyamaka known as Ornament of the Middle Way (Madhyamakālaṃkāra).
Seal phyag-rgya, Skt. mudrā
According to the sūtras, the word ‘seal’ denotes a secure realisation of
emptiness. In the tantras it refers to the various hand-gestures which accompany
the recitation of mantras, and by extension refers also to the meditational
deity’s symbolic hand-emblem (phyag-mtshan) - the vajra, bell and so forth. In
this context therefore the seals are the resonance of buddha-body. Furthermore,
in the Yogatantras, in particular, there are four seals which secure the aspects of
mundane consciousness (vijñāna) as their corresponding aspects of pristine
cognition (jñāna): among them, the great seal (mahāmudrā) of buddha-body
secures the ground-of-all consciousness (ālayavijñāna) as the mirror-like
pristine cognition (ādarśajñāna); the seal of the sacred teachings
(dharmamudrā) of buddha-speech secures the mental consciousness
(manovijñāna) as the pristine cognition of discernment (pratyavekṣaṇajñāna);
the seal of commitment (samayamudrā) of buddha-mind secures the deluded
consciousness (kliṣṭamanovijñāna) as the pristine cognition of sameness
(samatājñāna); and the seal of action (karmamudrā) of buddha-activity secures
the five sensory consciousnesses (pañcadvāravijñāna) as the pristine cognition
of accomplishment (kṛtyupasthānajñāna). Then, according to Mahāyoga, in the
perfection stage of mediation, when the practices of sexual yoga (sbyor-ba) are
applied in order to actualise the union of great bliss (mahāsukha) and
emptiness, the term ‘action seal’ (karmamudrā) denotes an actual sexual partner,
while the term ‘seal of pristine cognition’ (jñānamudrā), by contrast, denotes a
mentally visualised consort. For a description of the meditative tradition known
as Mahāmudrā see under Great Seal.
Secret Mantra gsang-sngags, Skt. guhyamantra
See Mantra.
Seed-syllable yig-’bru, Skt. bῑjākṣara Generally this refers to Sanskrit syllables
or letters visualised as the quintessential basis from which arise the forms of
meditational deities in the practices of the Vehicle of Indestructible Reality.
Often these letters or syllables are the first letter of the name of the deities
themselves, or syllables or letters that are associated with specific enlightened
families. So, for example, in the case of many of the deities belonging to the
Vajra family of Aksobhya, they are visualised as arising from the letter HŪṂ,
while for deities belonging to the Padma family, the letter ĀḤ is often utilised,
and so on.
Self bdag-nyid, Skt. ātman
For an introduction to the concept of ‘self’ as it applies to our text, see the
Introductory Commentary by HH the Dalai Lama. See also under Selflessness.
Self-empowerment rang-dbang, Skt. svādhiṣṭhāna
A spiritual practice in which the four empowerments are received directly by
the meditator from a visualised spiritual teacher, as presented in Chapter 2 of
the present work. See Empowerment.
Self-identity rang-bzhin, Skt. svabhāva
This term refers to the inherent existence which the eternalist philosophies of
Hinduism and Jainism project onto phenomena. Elsewhere, the Sanskrit term
ātman (Tib. bdag), referring to the notion of an independent or substantial self,
has also sometimes been translated as ‘self-identity’.
Selflessness bdag-med, Skt. nairātmya
Selflessness in Buddhist philosophy is understood to imply the lack of inherent
existence both in the personality and in physical and mental phenomena. The
Lesser Vehicle schools such as Vaibhāṣika and Sautrāntika expound the doctrine
of selflessness only in terms of personal identity. They propound that
selflessness refers to the absence of an independently existing ‘self’ or ‘I’,
emphasising that the self is neither substantial nor self-sufficient. Nowhere
among the aggregates of the person, either individually, collectively, or even in
their continuity can one find a substantial or solid being. Material objects are
nothing but a series of indivisible atomic particles, and consciousness is nothing
but a series of indivisible time moments. However, the Cittamātra and
Madhyamaka schools extend this notion of selflessness to embrace all physical
and mental phenomena. All such phenomena are equated with emptiness
(śūnyatā), and these Greater Vehicle philosophical schools therefore speak of
both the selflessness of persons (pudgalanairātmya) and the selflessness of
phenomena (dharmanairātmya). Nevertheless, substantial philosophical
differences exist between the two Greater Vehicle schools in their views on
what it is that is being negated by the doctrine of emptiness.
Seeminal Point thig-le, Skt. bindu
The Tibetan term thig-le conveys a wide range of meanings. It refers to: 1) the
pure white/male and red/female generative essences of the body, which along
with the energy channels and vital energyes flowing through the channels,
form an important aspect of human physiology according to the tantras and
related medical traditions; 2) a synonym for the Buddha-body of Reality
(dharmakāya), known as the ‘unique seminal point’ (thig-le nyag-gcig); and 3)
the seminal points of light which appear during the All-surpassing Realisation
(thod-rgal) practices of the Great Perfection (Atiyoga), and also during the
intermediate state of reality. See Chapter 11, Part One.
Sense-faculties dbang-po, Skt. indriya
See under Sense-organs.
Sense-organs dbang-po, Skt. indriya
According to the analysis of abhidharma, these comprise: the eye
(cakṣurindriya), the ear (śrotrendriya), the nose (ghrāṇendriya), the tongue
(jihvendriya), and the physical body (kāyendriya).
Sensory Activity Fields skye-mched, Skt. āyatana
The operational fields or contexts in which sensory perception is said to occur.
Abhidharma sources identify twelve sensory activity fields (Skt.
dvādaśāyatana), six of which are designated as external and the remainder as
internal, divided into pairs as follows: the activity field of the eye
(cakṣurāyatana) and the activity field of form (rūpāyatana), the activity fields of
the ear (śrotrāyatana) and of sound (śabdāyatana ), the activity fields of the
nose (ghrāṇāyatana) and of smell (gandhāyatana), the activity fields of the
tongue ( jihvāyatana) and of taste (rasāyatana), the activity fields of the body
(kāyāyatana) and of touch (spraṣṭāyatana), and, lastly, the activity fields of the
mind (mana āyatana) and of mental objects or phenomena (dharmāyatana ).
Sensory Spectra khams, Skt. dhātu
A broad term denoting each and every aspect of sensory perception, including
the sensory subject, object and their interaction. Abhidharma sources identify
eighteen distinct sensory components or psycho-physical spectra (Skt.
aṣṭadaśadhātu), grouped as follows: those of the eye, form and visual
consciousness; those of the ear, sound, and auditory consciousness; those of the
nose, smell, and olfactory consciousness; those of the tongue, taste, and
gustatory consciousness; those of the body, touch, and tactile consciousness;
and those of the mind, phenomena, and mental consciousness.
Sentient Being sems-can/’gro-ba, Skt. sattva/ gati
In a Buddhist context, the expression ‘sentient being’ has a technical usage
which contrasts with the concept of a buddha. The term refers to beings in
cyclic existence and also those who have attained liberation from it but who
have not attained the non-abiding nirvāṇa of fully manifest buddhahood. The
Sanskrit term gati (Tib. ’gro-ba) literally means ‘goer’, and sattva, a ‘living
being’. The Tibetan equivalent of the latter, sems-can, literally means ‘sentient’
or ‘a being with mind’, as it does in English. See Sex Classes of
Sentient/Living Beings.
Serpentine Water Spirits klu/klu-mo, Skt. nāga/nāginῑ
Male or female water spirits, often depicted as half human and half serpentine,
who reside in oceans, rivers, lakes and springs, and who are described in
Buddhist literature as custodians or repositories of submerged spiritual or
material treasure. It is considered important that their environment should be
kept pristine and clean; otherwise, agitation or pollution can result in the
emergence of water spirits that engender leprosy, consumption and various skin
ailments.
Seven Emanational Oceans rol-pa’i rgya-mtsho bdun
See Four Continents and Eight Subcontinents.
Seven Golden Mountain Ranges gser-gyi ri-bo bdun
See Four Continents and Eight Subcontinents.
Seven-limbed Practise yan-lag bdun-pa
A preliminary practice which is normally undertaken as a prelude to the
generation stage of meditation. The seven limbs together constitute a
comprehensive practice for purifying negative potentials and accumulating
merit, thus laying a stable basis for a successful meditational session. The seven
limbs in their proper sequence are: 1) paying homage through prostration, 2)
making offerings, 3) purifying non-virtuous habits, 4) rejoicing in the
wholesome actions of others and oneself, 5) requesting the buddhas to teach, 6)
appealing to the budddhas not to enter into nirvāṇa, and 7) the dedication of
merit. Our Chapter 5 includes an additional three.
Seven-point Posture of Vairocana rnam-snang chos-bdun
This is a metaphor for the ideal or recommended meditation posture, in which
the legs are crossed in the ‘indestructible posture’ (vajrāsana), the back
straight, the hands in the gesture of meditative equipoise, the eyes focused on
the tip of the nose, the chin slightly tucked in, the lips and teeth set in their
natural positions, and the tip of the tongue touching the palate.
Sexual Yoga sbyor-ba
See under Four Delights.
Signalessness mtshan-ma med-pa, Skt. nirlakṣaṇa
Signlessness, along with emptiness (Skt. śūnyatā) and aspirationlessness (Skt.
nirpraṇidhāna), is regarded as one of the three approaches to liberation (rnam
thar sgo gsum) which are the hallmarks of the teachings on the perfection of
discrinative awareness (Skt. prajñāpāramitā). Signlessness is the antithesis of
substantialist views (mtshan-’dzin) - the perspective that grasps at the inherent
existence of things by means of their characteristics such as colours, forms and
other properties.
Single Nature of Mind sems gcig-po
In Chapter 4 of our text the phrase ‘the single nature of mind’ is a synonym for
the ultimate nature of mind (sems-nyid), or the actual reality of mind.
Six Classes of Sentient/Living Beings ’gro-ba rigs-drug, Skt. ṣaḍgati
A birth in cyclic existence is characterised as occuring among one or other of the
six classes of living beings, depending on the nature and maturity of an
individual’s past actions. The six classes are: 1) gods (deva), mundane celestial
beings whose primary mental state is one of pride or exaltation, 2) antigods
(asura), who are predominantly hostile and jealous, 3) human beings, who are
influenced by all five dissonant mental states, 4) animals, who are under the
sway of instinct and obfuscation, 5) anguished spirits (preta), who are under the
sway of attachment and unsatisfied craving, and 6) the denizens of the hells
(naraka), who are overwhelmed by hatred, anger and fear. Since all five
dissonant mental states have influence on human beings, it is not inappropriate
to look upon all of these conditions also as extrapolations of human
psychological states. In our text the primary causes of rebirth in each of these six
realms are respectively identified as: pride, jealousy, attachment, delusion,
miserliness and hatred. See also Three World-systems .
Six Dissonant Menta States nyon-mongs drug, Skt. ṣaṭkleśa
In certain instances in our text when the context relates to rebirth among the six
classes of beings, this enumeration does not refer to the well-known abhidharma
category of the six primary dissonant Dental states: fundamental ignorance,
attachment , aversion, pride, doubt, and dissonant or afflictive views, but to the
six poisons (dug-drug) that are said to generate rebirth among the six classes of
living beings, namely: pride, jealousy, attachment, delusion, miserliness and
hatred.
Six [Emanational] Sages sprul-sku thub-drug See under Six Sages.
Six Intermediate States bar-do drug
See under Intermediate States.
Six Kinds of Bone Ornament rus-pa’i rgyan drug
The six kinds of bone-ornament worn by the wrathful deities, which symbolise
the transcendence of death and dissonant mental states, comprise: necklaces
(mgulrgyan ), bracelets (gdu-bu), earrings (rna-cha), crowns (dbu-rgyan),
bandoleers (mchod phyir-thogs), and human ashes (thal-chen).
Six Lineages brgyud-pa drug
See under Lineage.
Six Mantras and Six Gestures sngags-drug-dang phyag-rgya drug
A series of mantras and gestures used for the empowerment of substitutes or
offerings made to harmful or obstructive forces. This process of consecration is
effected by means of the following six hand-gestures (phyag-rgya drug) and six
corresponding mantras (sngags-drug): 1) The hand-gesture of the expanse of
reality is conjoined with the mantra OṂ SVABHĀVA ŚUDHĀḤ SARVA
DHARMĀḤ SVA-BHĀVA ŚUDDHO ’ HAṂ, which purifies the ritual object.
2) The hand-gesture of the jewelled casket is conjoined with the mantra
NAMAḤ SARVA TATHĀGATEBHYO VIŚVA MUKHEBHYAḤ SARVATHĀ
KHAṂ UDGATE SPHARAṆA IMAM GAGANA KHAṂ SVĀHĀ, which
expands the effigy to fill all of space. 3) The hand-gesture of swirling nectar is
conjoined with the mantra OṂ VAJRA AMṚTA KUṆḌALI HANA HANA
HŪṂ PHAṬ, which transforms the effigy into a vessel filled with nectars. 4)
The hand-gesture of vast potency is conjoined with the mantra NAMAḤ
SARVATA-THĀGATA AVALOKITE OṂ SAMBHARA SAMBHARA HŪṂ,
which empowers the effigy to gratify all the senses. 5) The hand-gesture of the
comet of knowledge and bestowal of gifts is conjoined with the mantra OM
JÑĀNA AVALOKITE SAMANTA SPHARAṆA RAŚMIBHAVA SAMAYA
MAHĀMAṆI DURU DURU HṚDAYA JVALANI HŪṂ, which empowers the
effigy to fulfil the hopes of all, without contention. 6) Lastly, the hand-gesture
of the universal monarch is conjoined with the mantra NAMAḤ SAMANTA
BUDDHĀNĀṂ GRAHEŚVARA PRABHĀ JYOTENA MAHĀSAMAYE
SVĀHĀ, which ensures that the effigy will pacify, subjugate or transform all
inimical forces, and bring about a successful outcome for the ritual as a whole.
Six Perfections pha-rol-tu phyin-pa drug, Skt. ṣaṭāramitā
In the sūtra system of the path to buddhahood, the entire bodhisattva’s way of
life or conduct is founded upon the practice of the six perfections which
comprise: generosity (dāna), ethical discipline (śῑla), patience (kṣānti),
perseverance or joyous effort (vῑrya), meditative concentration (dhyāna), and
discrminative awareness (prajñā). These six are known as ‘perfections’ when,
for example, the practice of generosity is: 1) motivated by the altruistic
intention to attain enlightenment for the sake of all beings; 2) undertaken
within a sixfold combination of all the perfections; and 3) performed with an
awareness of the emptiness (śūnyatā) of the agent, the act, and the object in
question. As an aspiration, the word pāramitā is used to denote a means to
perfection; but when describing the perfected result, at the attainment of
buddhahood, it means ‘transcendent perfection’, in accord with its literal
meaning, ‘gone beyond’.
Six Pristine Cognitions ye-shes drug
The six arms of the herukas, among the fifty-eight wrathful deities (see
Appendix Two), symbolise the six pristine cognitions. These comprise the
Pristine Cognition of pure expanse (dag-pa’i dbyings-kyi ye-shes), in addition
to the standard enumeration of the five pristine cognitions. See Pristine
Cognition.
Six Realms
See Six Classes of Sentient/Living Beings.
Six Sages sprul-sku thub-drug
The six sages are aspects of the Buddha-body of Emanation (nirmāṇakāya)
which manifest in the realms of the six classes of living beings, namely:
Indraśakra, the sage of the gods (lha’i thub-pa dbang-po brgya-byin),
Vemacitra, the sage of the antigods (lha ma-yin-gyi thub-pa thag-bzang-ris),
Śākyasiṃha or Śākyamuni, the sage of humans (mi’i thub-pa shākya seng-ge),
Sthirasiṃha, the sage of animals (byal-song thub-pa seng-ge rab-brtan),
Jvālamukha, the sage of the anguished spirits (yi-dvags-kyi thub-pa kha-’bar
ma), and Yama Dharmarāja, the sage of the hells (dmyal-ba’i thub-pa chos-kyi
rgyal-po). See Appendix Two.
Six-syllable Mantra yi-ge drug-pa, Skt. Ṣaḍakṣara
The six-syllable mantra (OṂ MAṆI PADME HŪṂ) is that of Avalokiteśvara.
Sixty Wrathful Deities kho-bo drug-cu
A collective name for the assembly of fifty-eight wrathful deilties, with the
addition of the two aspects representing the Buddha-body of Reality:
Mahottara Heruka and Krodhéśvarῑ, who are respectively the wrathful
counterparts of Samantabhadra and Samantabhadrῑ. See Appendix Two.
Skilful Means thabs, Skt. upāya
The concept of skilful means is central to the understanding of the Buddha’s
enlightened deeds, including his teaching of the many scriptures. From a very
early stage, Buddhism developed a hermeneutics of reading many of the
scriptures attributed to the Buddha from the perspective of skilful means, that is
to say from the perspective that the truths revealed in a specific teaching may be
contingent on the needs, interests and mental dispositions of specific types of
individuals. This idea of skilful means, especially in the context of acting for the
welfare of others, such as through the giving of teachings, was applied also in
relation to the altruistic deeds of the bodhisattvas. According to the Greater
Vehicle, training in skilful means (Skt. upāyakauśalya, Tib. thabs-la mkhas-pa)
refers to the first five of the six perfections: generosity, discipline, patience,
perseverance, and meditative concentration ; when integrated with
discriminative awareness, the sixth perfection, they form a union of
discriminatve awareness and means (Skt. prajñopāya). The perfection of
skilful means is also separately enumerated among the ten perfections, where it
indicates the inestimable result acquired by dedicating the merit of one’s
virtuous deeds, however small, for the benefit of all sentient beings in general
and for the sake of great unsurpassed enlightenment in particular. In the tantras,
the technical term ‘path of skilful means’ (thabs-lam) refers to the practices in
which the internal sexual yoga (sbyor-ba) of the energy channels, vital
energies and seminal points is refined within the subtle body. Also, the three
inner classes of tantra according to the Nyingma school are sometimes referred
to as the ‘vehicles of overpowering means’ (thabs dbang-bsgyur-ba’i theg-pa
rnams), in the sense that they carry on the path all the dissonant mental states
which are renounced in the lower paths.
Sky-farer mkha’-spyod-ma, Skt. khecarῑ
See Pure Realm of the Sky-farers.
Spacious Expanse mkha’-dbyings
A metaphor for the secret centre of the female deity or female consort.
Spirit Lords of the Soil sa-bdag, Skt. bhūmipati
According to Sino-Tibetan elemental divination, the spirit lords of the soil are a
class of geomantic forces whose position rotates - in some cases according to the
years of the sexagenary calendar, and in others according to the months of the
year, the days of the month, and the hours of the day. It is regarded as important
that the subterranean locations of the spirit lords should be known at the time of
constructing a building or maṇḍala, and before entering into specific activities.
Spiritual Accomplishment dngos-grub, Skt. siddhi
See under Accomplishment.
Spiritual Friend dge-ba’i bshes-gsnyen/dge-bshes, Skt. kalyānamitra
The term ‘spiritual friend’ refers to a spiritual teacher (Skt. guru) who can
contribute to an individual’s progress on the spiritual path to enlightenment and
who acts wholeheartedly for the welfare of his or her students, adopting a
renunciate lifestyle. In Tibet, during the eleventh and twelfth centuries, the term
became synonymous with the great masters of the Kadam school, who combined
a scrupulously renunciate lifestyle and deep humility with profound scholarship
and meditative resolve. In later centuries, the Tibetan abbreviation geshe came to
have an academic usage in the Gelug school, where it now identifies a scholar
monk with a doctorate title in traditional Buddhist studies, and is similar to the
modern usage of the term ‘khenpo’ (mkhan-po) in other traditions. See also
under Monastic Preceptor.
Spiritual Hero dpa’-bo, Skt. vῑra
A synonym for awareness holder and for ḍāka, the male equivalent of the
ḍākinῑ.
Spiritual Sibling mched-grogs/rdo-rje spun-sring
In the context of the tantras, six types of spiritual sibling are identified: 1)
universal spiritual siblings, i.e. all sentient beings who from beginningless time
have been one’s parents; 2) spiritual siblings who share the Buddhist teachings;
3) harmonious spiritual siblings, who are similar in view and conduct; 4) dear
spiritual siblings, who share the same spiritual teacher; 5) close spiritual
siblings, who receive teaching together; and 6) intimate spiritual siblings, who
receive empowerment together.
Spiritual Teacher bla-ma, Skt. guru
The original Sanskrit word ‘guru’ literally means ‘heavy’ or ‘weighty’, and by
extension a ‘venerable teacher’. The Tibetan equivalent ‘bla-ma’ (pronounced
lama) means ‘unsurpassed’ or ‘supreme’, indicating that the guru is unsurpassed
in terms of being the perfect object towards which meritorious activity should be
directed. However, it is important to note that specific qualifications are
necessary in order to be considered as a spiritual teacher. These qualifications
differ according to the level of spiritual practice at which a teacher is adopted. In
the context of the tantras, the spiritual teacher is said to confer blessings on the
meditator, in contrast to the meditational deity, who confers supreme
accomplishment and the ḍākinῑ, who confer enlightened or buddha activities.
Ultimately, the guru is one’s own buddha nature.
Spontaneous Presence lhun-grub, Skt. anābhoga
In the esoteric instructional class of the Great Perfection (Atiyoga), the term
primordial purity (ka-dag) refers to the ultimate essence of buddhahood, the
Buddha-body of Reality, the realisation of which is approached through the
practices of Cutting through Resistance (khregs-chod), as described in Chapter
4, and spontaneous presence refers to the expressive nature of the Buddha-body
of Reality as the Buddha-body of Form, the realisation of which is approached
through the practices of All-surpassing Realisation (thod-rgal ), as indicated in
the emergence of the luminosities described in Chapter 11. More generally, this
term refers to spontaneous or effortless activity, the fifth of the five kinds of
buddha activity, according to the Mahāyoga texts.
Śrī Siṃha shri sing-ha
The name of an early exponent of the Atiyoga teachings, who was a native of
Shokyam in Central Asia.
Śrīmat dpal-dang ldan-pa’i zhing-khams, Skt. Śrῑmat
The southern buddha field of ‘The Glorious’ is the pure realm presided over by
the male buddha Ratnasambhava.
Stūpa mchod-rten
A sacred object representative of buddha-mind. Stūpas were originally a
symbol of the Buddha-body of Reality, constructed in a dome-shape to hold the
remains of Śākyamuni Buddha. The veneration of stūpas is closely connected to
the earliest phase of the Greater Vehicle in ancient India, where the original
stūpa design developed within the central monastic assembly hall (Skt. caitya).
The stūpas commonly seen in Tibetan cultural areas are constructed to a specific
architectural design, usually in the shape of a dome, raised on a square base of
several layers, from which rises a multilayered spire. In monasteries and sacred
sites, a series of eight stūpas is frequently constructed, symbolising different
events in the life of Śākyamuni Buddha. Others are extraordinarily large, like
those of Baudhanāth and Svayambhū in Nepal, or Sanchi in India and
Borabudor in Indonesia, and some enclose within them entire maṇḍalas of
deities, such as the Pelkhor Chode at Gyantse in Tsang and the Memorial
Chorten in Thimphu, Bhutan. The symbolism of the stūpa is complex,
representing the progression to buddhahood, the five elements, the five
pristine cognitions, and so forth. Smaller reliquary stūpas are frequently built as
a funerary memorial to important spiritual teachers, often enshrining their
sacred ashes or embalmed remains.
Subduer rtsad-du gcod-pa
According to the terminology of the Nyingma school, the six herukas of the
assembly of fifty-eight wrathful deities are given the title ‘subduer’, referring to
their activity of natural transformation with respect to the dissonant mental
states. See Appendix Two.
Subjugation dbang-gi las, Skt. vaṣitakriyā
See Four Aspects of Enlightened Activity.
Sublime One ’phags-pa, Skt. ārya
A sublime being is one who has entered into a direct realisation of the actual
nature of reality, in other words the lack of self-identity of both oneself and
phenomena. The level of experience of an ārya is stratified in relation to the
resultant stage of the vehicle being followed.
Substantialist Views mtshan-’dzin, Skt. lakṣaṇagrahaṇa
The mistaken apprehension that the form, colour and other characteristics
assumed by any particular entity have inherent existence.
Subterranean Goddesses brtan-ma
An important class of twelve indigenous Tibetan spirits who personify the
mighty snow ranges of Tibet and who are gathered within the outer retinue
(phyi-’khor) of the fifty-eight wrathful deities. Foremost among them are
Kongtsun Demo (associated with Mt Namchak Barwa), Machen Pomra
(associated with Mt Amnye Machen), Dorje Chenchikma (associated with Mt
Everest), Do-rje Kundrakma (associated with Mt Nyenchen Tanglha), and Dorje
Kuntizang (associated with Mt Nojin Gangzang).
Subtle Body phra-ba’i lus Skt. sūkṣmakāya
In contrast to our gross physical body, which is composed of flesh, bones and
blood, the subtle body comprises a network of subtle energy channels, vital
energies and seminal points of energy. This form arises as a natural expression
of the interaction of the subtle mind and the subtle vital energies on which it
depends. See the Introductory Commentary by HH the Dalai Lama. The most
advanced level of subtle body, known in the tantras as the pure illusory body
(sgyu-lus), is experienced only when an indivisible unity of buddha-body,
speech and mind has been actualised at the conclusion of the generation and
perfection stages of meditation. A similitude of such a subtle body can be
experienced during the practice of dream yoga, when the level of consciousness
is relatively subtle and deep, due to the temporary cessation of active sensory
processes. The mental body (yid-lus) experienced during the intermediate state
of rebirth is also a form of subtle body.
Suffering sdug-bsngal, Skt. duḥkhatā
In a Buddhist context, the term ‘suffering’ is used in a broad sense and includes
not only physical sensations but also mental experiences, that is to say all the
essentially unsatisfactory experiences of life in cyclic existence. The various
forms of suffering can be categorised into three groups: 1) the suffering of
suffering (duḥkhaduḥkhatā), 2) the suffering of change (vipariṇāmaduḥkhatā),
and 3) the suffering of pervasive conditioning (saṃskāraduḥkhatā). The first
category refers to all our physical sensations and mental experiences which are
self-evident to us as suffering and towards which we have spontaneous feelings
of aversion. The second category includes all our experiences which are
normally recognised as pleasant and desirable, but which are nonetheless
suffering in that persistent indulgence in these always results in the changed
attitude of dissatisfaction and boredom. It is only through reflection that the
unsatisfactory nature of such experiences can be realised. The third category
refers to a basic level of suffering which underlies the round of birth, sickness,
old age and death. This suffering serves as the cause of our experiences of the
two other classes of suffering. It is called pervasive because it extends to all
forms of life in cyclic existence, irrespective of whether or not life-forms are
endowed with bodily existence. Suffering is identified as the first of the four
noble truths (Skt. caturāryasatya ), which were taught by Śākyamuni Buddha
in the course of his first discourse, and the entire path of Buddhism, embracing
all its Vehicles (yāna), may be seen as the ways of eliminating suffering, thus
bringing an end to cyclic existence itself.
Sugata Family bde-bar gshegs-pa’i rigs, Skt. sugatakula
A synonym for the Buddha family. See Buddha Family.
Sukhāvatī bde-ba-can-gyi zhing-khams
The western buddha field of ‘The Blissful’ is the pure realm presided over by
the buddha Amitābha.
Supernormal Cognitive Power mngon-shes, Skt. abhijñā
Supernormal cognitive power is considered to be a by-product of advanced
meditation , but similitudes of these powers are said to arise during the
intermediate state of rebirth (srid-pa’i bar-do). Six powers are specifically
enumerated: clairvoyance (lha’i mig-gi mngon-shes, Skt. divyacakṣurabhijñā);
clairaudience (lha’i rna-ba’i mngon-shes, Skt. divyaśrotrābhijñā); knowledge of
the minds of others (gzhan-sems shes-pa’i mngon-shes, Skt. paracittābhijñā);
miraculous abilities (rdzu-’phrul-gyi shes-pa’i mngon-shes, Skt. ṛddhyabhijñā);
knowledge of past lives (sngon-gnas rjes-su dran-pa’i mngon-shes, Skt.
pūrvanivāsānusmṛtyabhijñā); and knowledge that the flow of all corrupt past
actions has ceased (zag-pa zad-pa’i mngon-shes, Skt. āsravakṣayābhijñā).
Among these, the first five are said to be mundane powers, whereas the sixth is
possessed by buddhas alone.
Supreme Assembly tshogs-chen
In this context, a synonym for Monastic Community.
Sūtra mdo
The original discourses which Śākyamuni Buddha taught publicly to his
disciples as a fully ordained monk, consequent to his attainment of
buddhahood. In the context of the three successive turnings of the wheel of
the sacred teachings, the Buddha expounded respectively 1) the discourses on
the doctrine of the four noble truths (Skt. caturāryasatya), 2) the Perfection of
Discriminative Awareness (Prajñāpāramitā ), Ratnakūṭa and related sūtras
which emphasise signlessness, aspirationlessness and emptiness, and 3) the
Nucleus of the Tathāgata (Tathāgatagarbha) and related sūtras, as well as the
Sūtra of the Unravelling of Enlightened Intention (Sandhinirmocanasūtra),
which emphasise buddha nature and the thorough analysis of buddha
attributes. Among these the first category is the corpus of the Lesser Vehicle
sūtras and the last two are the Greater Vehicle sūtras. The scriptural
transmissions of the sacred teachings of Buddhism comprise the canonical
sūtras and tantras, as well as their commentarial literature.
Sūtrayāna mdo-sde’i theg-pa
A term referring collectively to the first three of the nine vehicles when
contrasted with the six vehicles of the tantras. See also under Greater Vehicle.
Symbolic Lineage of Awareness Holders rig-’dzin brda’i brgyud-pa
The lineage through which non-human and human awareness holders of the
highest spiritual accomplishments symbolically receive the teachings from
bodhisattvas of the tenth level. More specifically, this refers to the transmission
of advanced bodhisattvas such as Mañjuśrῑ, Avalokiteśvara, and Vajrapāṇi who
communicated with their respective disciples (gods, serpentine water spirits
and mountain or sylvan spirits) by means of symbolic gestures rather than
words. It also refers to the mode in which the earliest human progenitors of the
Atiyoga lineage received and transmitted their highest teachings.
Tantra rgyud
The Sanskrit word tantra and its Tibetan equivalent rgyud literally mean a
‘continuum’ or ‘unbroken stream’ flowing from fundamental ignorance to
enlightenment . Tantra has two basic meanings in Buddhism - it refers to the
continua of ground, path and result, and to the literature or tantra texts which
expound these continua in the context of the classes of tantra (see below). The
former is the actual meaning of tantra. Through the continuum of the path
(lam-gyi rgyud) the primordially present continuum of the ground (gzhi’i
rgyud) is realised or fully manifested as the continuum of the result (’bras-bu’i
rgyud). Because tantra includes sophisticated techniques which, unlike the sūtra
path, enable dissonant mental states, such as desire/attachment and
hatred/aversion, to be transmuted into states of realisation, without renunciation
or rejection, the practitioner can cultivate an uninterrupted continuum between
the practitioner’s ordinary initial mind, the advanced mind on the path, and the
resultant fully enlightened mind of the Buddha. In the Nyingma school the
literature which expounds this dynamic is divided into a sixfold classification of
the three outer tantras, namely: Kriyātantra, Ubhayatantra , and Yogatantra,
and the three inner tantras, namely: Mahāyoga, Anuyoga and Atiyoga. These
six classes represent stages of ever-decreasing emphasis on external ritual and
ever-increasing subtlety of internal meditation together with an ever-increasing
subtlety of the dissonant mental states, attachment in particular, that can be
transformed into a blissful experience conjoined with the realisation of the
actual nature of reality. It is said that on the basis of the fulfilment of the
generation and perfection stages of the three inner tantras fully manifest
buddhahood can be attained in a single lifetime.
Tathāgata de-bzhin gshegs-pa
A synonym for buddha, used frequently in the sūtras, which literally means
‘One Who Has Thus Gone’. The expression is interpreted in different ways,
corresponding to the different classes of sūtras and tantras, but in general it
implies ‘one who has departed in the wake of the buddhas of the past’, or ‘one
who has manifested the supreme enlightenment dependent on the reality that
does not abide in the two extremes of existence and quiescence’.
Ten Directions phyogs-bcu, Skt. daśadik
The four cardinal and four intermediate directions, as well as the zenith and
nadir.
Ten Opportunities ’byor-ba bcu
See Eight Freedoms and Ten Opportunities.
Ten Similes of Illusory Phenomena shes-bya sgyu-ma’i dpe-bcu
The ten similes which illustrate the illusory nature of all things are: illusion
(sgyu-ma), mirage (smig-rgyu), dream (rmi-lam), reflected image (gzugs
brnyan), a celestial city (dri-za’i grong-khyer), echo (brag-ca), reflection of the
moon in water (chu-zla), bubble of water (chu-bur), optical illusion (mig-yor),
and an intangible emanation (sprul-pa).
Terracotta Imprints tsha-tsha
Small votive images moulded with clay fashioned in the form of miniature
stūpas or bas-relief meditational deities. They are usually empowered, in the
context of appropriate rituals, and frequently interred within a larger stūpa or
kept by devotees as an object of veneration.
Third Empowerment dbang gsum-pa
The third of the four empowerments. See Four Empowerments.
Thirty-two 
Major 
Marks 
dvātriṃśanmahāpuruṣalakṣaṇa
See Major and Minor Marks.
mtshan 
Those Gone to Bliss bde-bar gshegs-pa, Skt. sugata
sum-cu-so-gnyis, 
Skt.
An epithet of the buddhas. The expression ‘those gone to bliss of the three
times’ (dus-gsum bde-gshegs) refers to the buddhas of the past, present, and
future, exemplified respectively by Dῑpamkara, Śākyamuni, and Maitreya.
Thread-cross mdos
In its simplest form a thread-cross can be two crossed sticks or a simple wooden
frame (nam-mkha’) around which coloured threads (rgyang-bu) are arranged in a
diamond or other more complex pattern. Thread-crosses vary in size and
complexity depending on the type of ritual for which they are constructed. In
essence, they represent a ‘trap’ for negative and malevolent forces, where the
trap symbolises and is empowered with all the qualities that can satisfy the
negative or malevolent force. Thus, the design of the thread-cross can closely
mirror that of a stūpa or three-dimensional maṇḍala and represent the purity of
the psycho-physical aggregates, elemental properties, and sensory and mental
processes, etc. On some occasions these complex thread-crosses can be
enormous structures up to tens of feet high.
Three Buddha-bodies sku-gsum, Skt. trikāya
The Three Buddha-bodies comprise the Buddha-body of Reality, the Buddha
body of Perfect Resource, and the Buddha-body of Emanation. Jointly, they
form the secret object of refuge. See their individual entries, and also under
Refuge.
Three Levels of Existence srid-pa gsum, Skt. tribhava
The three levels of existence are those of celestial, terrestrial and subterranean
beings.
Three Lower Existences ngan-song gsum, Skt. tridurgati
See Lower Existences.
Three Poisons dug-gsum
Attachment, aversion and delusion. See their individual entries.
Three Precious Jewels dkon-mchog gsum, Skt. triratna
The Three Precious Jewels comprise the Buddha (sangs-rgyas); the sacred
teachings (Skt. saddharma, Tib. dam-pa’i chos); and the monastic community
of monks and nuns (Skt. saṅgha, Tib. dge-’dun). Together these three form the
outer objects of refuge (see Chapter 1). They are regarded as the perfect objects
in which refuge can be sought from the unsatisfactory nature of life in cyclic
existence in general, and particularly from the potential suffering of
unfavourable future existences. They are called ‘precious jewels’ because, like
the wish-fulfilling jewels of Indian classical literature, in their metaphorical
sense, they possess the wish-fulfilling capacity to provide protection from the
perils of cyclic existence. See their individual entries and also under Refuge.
Three Roots rtsa-ba gsum, Skt. trimūla
The three roots jointly form the inner object of refuge, according to the tantras
(see Chapter 1). They comprise the spiritual teacher (Skt. guru, Tib. bla-ma),
who confers blessing (Skt. adhiṣṭhāna), the meditational deity (Skt. iṣṭadevatā,
Tib. yi-dam lha) who confers accomplishments (Skt. siddhi); and the ḍākinῑ
(Tib. mkha’-’gro) who confer the actualisation of buddha activities (Skt.
kṛtyakriyā). See their individual entries and also under Refuge.
Three Times dus-gsum
The three times are those of past, present, and future.
Three Vehicles theg-pa gsum, Skt. triyāna
See Vehicle.
Three World-systems ’jig-rten-gyi khams gsum, Skt. tridhātu
According to Buddhism, cyclic existence includes three world-systems, namely:
the world-system of desire (Skt. kāmadhātu), the world-system of form (Skt.
rūpadhātu ), and the world-system of formlessness (Skt. ārūpyadhātu). Among
them, the world-system of desire is a state of existence dominated by sensual
experiences, particularly the sensations of suffering and pleasure. It is inhabited
by all six classes of sentient beings, including humans and six categories of
gods (kāmadevaṣaṭkula). The world-system of form, in which beings have a
comparatively subtle level of consciousness, temporarily devoid of gross
sensations of pain and pleasure, is regarded as a state beyond ordinary human
existence and inhabited only by gods. Birth in such a realm requires the
attainment of one or all of the four meditative concentrations (Skt.
caturdhyāna), in past lives. Abhidharma literature mentions twelve ordinary
realms of form and five ‘pure abodes’ (pañcaśuddhanivāsa), above them, where
birth can be taken consequent on these four concentrations. Lastly, the world
system of formlessness is regarded as the highest level of rebirth within cyclic
existence and a state where an individual’s physical faculties exist only as
potencies and the individual functions only at the level of consciousness. It is
said to be inhabited by those who have mastered the four formless meditative
absorptions (Skt. catursamāpatti).
Torma-offering gtor-ma, Skt. naivedya/bali
Torma-offerings are cakes, usually made of dough and often decorated with
colourful butter sculptures. Sometimes they are embodiments of the
meditational deities associated with particular ritual practices, or they may be
food-offerings presented to various deities or protectors visualised in the
context of meditation. Yet again, tormas may act as physical symbols into which
diverse aspects of negativity are absorbed, transformed, and removed through
ritual practices.
Transcendent Lord bcom-ldan-’das, Skt. bhagavān
According to the Tibetan interpretation, the Sanskrit honorific term ‘bhagavān’,
which has often been translated as ‘Blessed Lord’, indicates a buddha who has:
1) ‘destroyed’ (bcom) the four malevolent/beguiling forces (caturmāra)
comprising the influence of the psycho-physical aggregates (skandha),
dissonant mental states (kleśa), sensual temptations and mundane death; 2)
come to ‘possess’ (ldan) the six excellences (ṣaḍguṇa) of lordship, form, glory,
fame, pristine cognition and perseverance; and 3) ‘transcended’ (’das) the
sufferings of cyclic existence.
Transgressions nyes-byas, Skt. duṣkṛta
The vows maintained by Buddhist monks and nuns include the avoidance of
primary downfalls (Skt. āpatti) and secondary transgressions. The term
transgression (nyes-byas ) is used in a technical sense to refer to a whole host of
secondary precepts in the context of the monastic vows of individual liberation
(prātimokṣa), and in the context of the bodhisattva and tantric vows. The list of
these transgressions differs according to the context. See Commitment,
Prātimokṣa and Vows.
Transmission lung, Skt. āgama
The Buddhist sacred teachings (Skt. saddharma) comprise both experiential
realisations (adhigama; Tib. rtogs-pa) and authoritative transmissions. The
latter include both the oral teachings and sacred scriptures (Skt. pravacana, Tib.
gsung-rab), imparted by the buddhas, as well as the associated commentaries or
treatises (Skt. śāstra, Tib. bstan-bcos), which have been transmitted in an
uninterrupted lineage or succession from ancient times. In Tibetan Buddhism, it
is regarded as essential that a transmission of both the text and its oral
commentary is formally received from an authoritative lineage holder, if any
significant spiritual experience is to be cultivated, since a mere theoretical
understanding of these topics is not regarded as sufficient.
Transmitted Precepts bka’-ma, Skt. pravacana
From the perspective of the Nyingma school, the scriptures and oral teachings of
Buddhism have been transmitted in two distinct ways: through the long oral
lineage of transmitted precepts (ring-brgyud bka’-ma), which have been handed
down from one generation of accomplished teachers to the next since ancient
times, and through a close lineage of revealed teachings or treasures (nye
brgyud gter-ma), whose origin is more recent.
Treasure-finder gter-ston
An accomplished master holding an authentic lineage who successfully reveals
a hidden treasure-text or sacred object, in accordance with the prophesies made
by Padmasambhava or a specific concealer of treasure-texts. See under
Treasures.
Treasures gter-ma, Skt. nidhi
The Sanskrit nidhi (Tib. gter-ma), translated in English as ‘treasure’ or ‘revealed
teaching’ (gter-chos), refers to those sacred Buddhist texts and objects which
were concealed in the past in order that they might be protected and revealed in
the future for the benefit of posterity. The notion of the revelation of concealed
texts as treasure is extremely ancient in India and China. Within Indian
Buddhism, it is well known that the Perfection of Discriminative Awareness
(Prajñāpāramitā) sūtras were reputedly revealed when Nāgārjuna received
them in the form of treasure from the serpentine water spirits (nāga). A
recension of the sādhana class of Mahāyoga tantras, classified as gter-chos by
Nyingma doxographers, is also said to have been revealed to eight great masters,
including Nāgārjuna, in the Śῑtavana charnel ground near Vajrāsana. In Tibet,
the tradition of the treasures was introduced by Padmasambhava and his
students, who concealed texts and sacred objects at geomantic power-places in
the landscape, entrusting them to their respective custodians or treasure-lords
(gter-bdag) or to ḍākinῑ for safe keeping, with the prediction that these would be
discovered at some future time by a prophesied treasure-finder (gter-ston).
Accordingly, it is believed that the students of Padmasambhava have continued
to emanate in the form of treasure-finders in successive centuries in order to
reveal these treasure-teachings. Other kinds of treasure-teachings revealed
directly from the enlightened intention of buddha-mind in a telepathic manner
(dgongs-gter), or in a pure visionary experience (dag-snang), are also
recognised. There are many such lineages extant today, including that of the
present text, and they are maintained mostly, but by no means exclusively, by the
Nyingma school.
Treatise bstan-bcos, Skt. śāstra
The term treatise (śāstra) in the Buddhist context generally refers to
authoritative works written by accomplished masters elucidating the profound
meaning of the Buddha’s scriptures (pravacana). Treatises are contrasted with
scriptures (both sūtras and tantras), the latter being attributed to the Buddha.
See Kangyur and Tengyur.
Trichiliocosm stong-gsum ’jig-rten-gyi khams, Skt. trisahasralokadhātu
See Chiliocosm.
Trisong Detsen khri-srong lde’u btsan
The thirty-eighth king of Tibet and son of King Tride Tsukten. Despite his
accession to the throne at a tender age and the opposition of ministers who were
Bon sympathisers he established Buddhism as the state religion of Tibet. He
invited both Śāntarakṣita and Padmasambhava to construct Tibet’s first
monastery at Samye and to transmit the diverse Indian lineages of the vinaya,
sūtras and tantras. He became a realised practitioner of the tantras in his own
right, under the guidance of Padmasambhava, and actively sponsored the
education and projects of his highly organised translation teams. According to
traditional 
accounts, it was King Trisong Detsen who requested
Padmasambhava to give the teachings that are presented in our text. See
Gyurme Dorje’s ‘Brief Literary History’.
Tulku sprul-sku, Skt. nirmāṇakāya In its philosophical and classical usage the
term refers to the Buddha-body of Emanation. However, based on this concept
of emanation, a different usage developed in Tibet following the inception of a
tradition to formally recognise the incarnations of high spiritual teachers after
their death. The first such tulku to be given formal recognition was Karma
Pakshi, the second, Karmapa (1204-83). Later, other important tulku institutions
emerged, such as that of the Dalai Lama and Panchen Lama, and the system of
recognising successive generations of tulkus became commonly established
throughout Tibet and the Himalayan region.
Turning of the Wheel of the [Sacred] Teachings chos-kyi ’khor-lo bskor-ba,
Skt. dharmacakrapravartana
This metaphor refers to the promulgation of the Buddhist teachings by the
Buddha and continues to be used metaphorically with regard to the teaching
activity of successive lineage holders. The Buddha Śākyamuni is recognised to
have promulgated three sequential ‘turnings of the wheel’. The association with
the concept of a wheel derives from a comparison with the ‘wheel of sharp
weapons’ said to be held in the hand of a universal monarch. Within the context
of this comparison the sacred teachings are composed of ethical discipline (the
central axis), analytic discriminative awareness (the sharp spokes) and
meditative concentration (the stabilising perimeter). See also Sūtra.
Tuṣita dga’-ldan
Tuṣita is the name of the fourth of the six god realms, which are said to be
located within the world-system of desire (Skt. kāmadhātu). It is regarded as the
current abode of the future buddha Maitreya.
Twelve Links of Dependent Origination rten-’brel bco-gnyis, Skt.
dvādaśāṅgapratῑtyasamutpāda
See under Dependent Origination.
Twenty-four Power-places yul nyi-shu rtsa-bzhi, Skt. caturviṃśatmahāsthāna
The twenty-four power-places are the following regions of the ancient Indian
subcontinent, which are associated with the tantras of the Cakrasaṃvara and
Heruka classes: Jālandhara, Oḍḍiyāna, Paurṇagiri, Kāmarūpa, Mālava, Sindhu,
Nagara, Munmuni, Kāruṇyapāṭaka, Devῑkoṭa, Karmārapāṭaka, Kulatā, Arbuda,
Godāvarῑ, Himādrῑ, Harikela, Lampāka, Kāñcῑ, Saurāṣṭra, Kaliṅga, Kokaṇa,
Caritra, Kośala, and Vindhyākaumārapaurikā.
Two Accumulations tshogs-gnyis, Skt. sambhāradvaya
See under Accumulations.
Two Extremes mtha’ gnyis, Skt. antadvaya
The two extremes of eternalism and nihilism. See under Eternalist and Nihilist.
Two Truths bden-pa gnyis, Skt. satyadvaya
All Buddhist philosophical schools of thought formulate their ontology within
the framework of the two truths, the conventional or relative truth (Skt.
samvṛtisatya, Tib. kun-rdzob bden-pa) and the ultimate truth (Skt.
paramārthasatya, Tib. don-dam bden-pa). However, the definition of the two
truths differs according to their different epistemological interpretations. The
Cittamātra and Madhyamaka, the two Greater Vehicle schools of thought which
emphasise the doctrine of the two truths, define the ultimate truth as a synonym
of emptiness, the ultimate nature of phenomena, while the conventional truth is
defined as the empirical aspect of reality as conventionally experienced through
our perceptions. Such an aspect of reality is true only within the relative
framework of our own veridical experiences. However, according to the various
tantra vehicles there are increasing degrees of subtlety in the interpretation of
the two truths.
Ubhayatantra gnyis-ka’i rgyud
Ubhayatantra, also known as Caryātantra, is the second of the three outer
classes of tantra, which form one subcategory of the six classes of tantra, and
the fifth of the nine vehicles, according to the Nyingma school of Tibetan
Buddhism. Ubhayatantra places an equal emphasis on both external ritual and
internal meditation.
Ultimate Truth don-dam bden-pa, Skt. paramārthasatya
See under Two Truths.
Unique Seminal Point thig-le nyag-gcig
According to Atiyoga, this expression is a synonym for the Buddha-body of
Reality. For the range of meanings conveyed by the Tibetan term thig-le, see
Seminal Point.
Universal Monarch khor-lo bsgyur-ba, Skt. cakravartin
In the context of Indo-Tibetan Buddhism, the concept of the benign universal
monarch or emperor who rules in accordance with the law of the sacred
teachings of Buddhism is one that has permeated Buddhist literature since the
time of Aśoka. Their appearance in the world is considered a unique and rare
event, just as the appearance of a buddha is considered to be unique and rare.
Unsurpassed Yogatantra bla-med rgyud, Skt. Yoganiruttaratantra
The highest among the four classes of tantra, the other three being: Kriyā,
Caryā, and Yoga tantra. The differences between the four classes of tantra
represent stages of ever-decreasing emphasis on external ritual and ever
increasing subtlety of internal meditation. Niruttara means ‘unsurpassed’ or
‘highest’ and it is in the Yoganiruttara tantras that the meditative techniques for
realising the Three buddha-bodies are the most subtle and refined. There are
two distinct phases in the dissemination of the Unsurpassed Yogatantras in Tibet,
which are reflected in two differing ways of classifying them. According to the
Nyingma school, the earlier phase of dissemination, they are classified into
Mahāyoga, Anuyoga and Atiyoga, whereas the later schools classify them into
Father, Mother and Non-dual or Indivisible tantras.
Uṣṇīṣavijayā gtsug-gtor rnam-rgyal-ma
One of the three principal meditational deities associated with longevity
practices and the subject of five principal dhāraṇῑ incarnations, Uṣṇῑsavijayā
generally assumes a slightly wrathful appearance, with three faces (white, yellow
and pale blue) and eight arms holding diverse symbolic implements. She is
seated with her legs folded, in the indestructible posture.
Vaiḍūryaprabharāja sang-rgyas sman-bla
The Buddha of Medicine, the principal figure in the Buddhist medical tantras,
who is regarded as the progenitor of the Four Tantras of Medicine (rGyud-bzhi).
According to certain sources Śākyamuni Buddha is believed to have assumed a
specific form when teaching the medical tantras and that aspect of the Buddha
is called Vaiḍūryaprabharāja, the ‘King of Blue Beryl Light’. He is normally
depicted in paintings as being blue in colour and holding in his left palm an alms
bowl filled with the fruits of a medicinal plant, chebulic myrobalan. According
to the lineage of the medical tantras, there are eight different aspects of the
Medicine Buddha, of which Vaiḍūryaprabharāja is the foremost.
Vajra rdo-rje
In the sense of rdo-rje pha-lam (pronounced ‘dorje phalam’), this term means
the diamond, literally ‘the sovereign among all stones’. In Buddhism however
rdo-rje indicates the indestructible reality of buddhahood, which is defined as
both imperishable (mi-gshigs) and indivisible (ma-phyed). The emblem symbolic
of this indestructible reality is also known as rdo-rje or vajra. This is a sceptre
like tantric ritual object which is held in the right palm usually whenever playing
a ritual bell. The sceptre symbolises skilful means and the bell discriminative
awareness. Holding these together in the two palms represents the perfect union
of discriminative awareness and skilful means. Vajrā, also known as Piṅgalā
(dmar-mo), is the name given to the first of the six yoginῑ from the south, a
subcategory of the twenty-eight Īśvarῑ. See Appendix Two.
Vajra-brothers and sisters rdo-rje ming-sring
The most intimate of spiritual siblings (mched-grogs), with whom one shares
empowerments and commitments. See Spiritual Sibling.
Vajra Family rdo-rje’i rigs, Skt. vajrakula
One of the five enlightened families (pañcakula) into which the meditational
deities of the Buddha-body of Perfect Resource are subdivided. The deities of
the Vajra family include the peaceful buddhas Akṣobhya-Vajrasattva and
Buddhalocanā and the corresponding wrathful aspects Vajra Heruka and
Vajrakrodheśvarῑ. See Appendix Two.
Vajra-master rdo-rje slob-dpon, Skt. vajrācārya
The ‘master of indestructible reality’ who presides over empowerment
ceremonies and the related ritual dances of the great means for attainment (Skt.
mahāsādhana, Tib. sgrub-chen), embodying the central meditational deity of
the maṇḍala.
Vajradhara rdo-rje ’chang
Vajradhara (lit. ‘vajra-holder’) is an expression of the Buddha-body of Reality,
spontaneously arising from the pure, pristine expanse of inner radiance, in a
form complete with all the characteristics of the Buddha-body of Perfect
Resource. Vajradhara is thus regarded as the root of all the five enlightened
families and consequently he is also known as the lord of the sixth enlightened
family. Many tantra texts and lineages attribute their origin directly to the
Buddha-body of Reality - represented in the form of either Samantabhadra or
Vajradhara. Other tantra texts and lineages claim that Vajradhara is a form
assumed by Śākyamuni Buddha when giving esoteric teachings on tantra.
Vajradhara is said to become manifest when one has totally overcome all
dualistic conceptions and actualised buddhahood. He is usually depicted as
seated and holding a vajra and bell in his crossed palms.
Vajrakīla rdo-rje phur-ba
One of the eight foremost meditational deities according to the ‘means for
attainment ’ class of Mahāyoga. Vajrakῑla is dark blue in colour with three
faces and six arms, the central pair of hands holding a ritual dagger (Skt. kῑla).
Often the lower part of his body is also visualised in the form of a ritual dagger,
the three facets of the pyramidal blade representing the transformation of
delusion, attachment and aversion. Vajrakῑla is representative of the natural
expression of buddha activity.
Vajrakumāra rdo-rje gzhon-nu
An aspect of the meditational deity Vajrakῑla. See under Vajrakīla.
Vajrapāṇi phyag-na rdo-rje The embodiment of the spiritual power (bala) and
skilful means of all the buddhas as visualised in the form of a meditational
deity. Vajrapāṇi is generally depicted as being wrathful in aspect, holding a
vajra in his right upraised hand and a skull-cup in his left. In peaceful form
Vajrapāṇi is also one of the eight male bodhisattvas among the forty-two
peaceful deities. See Appendix Two.
Vajrasattva rdo-rje sems-dpa’
Vajrasattva, or in literal translation ‘the spiritual hero of indestructible reality’,
has two principal forms. Firstly, in the context of the Guhyagarbha tantra, and
related texts, he is identified with the peaceful male buddha Akṣobhya
Vajrasattva. See Appendix Two. Secondly, in the context of the preliminary
practices (sngon-’gro) of meditation, the recitation of Vajrasattva’s Hundred
syllable Mantra (yig-brgya) purifies negativities, obsurations, transgressions,
and downfalls (see Chapter 1). In this latter context, Vajrasattva is visualised as
white in colour, dressed in the silken garments and ornaments of a bodhisattva,
and holding a vajra in his right palm close to the heart and a bell in his left hand
close to the left side of his hip. Sometimes, both forms of Vajrasattva are
integrated in a single practice, as in Chapter 5 of the present work, where
practitioners first visualise the white form of Vajrasattva, before visualising the
forty-two peaceful deities, including Akṣobhya-Vajrasattva, within their hearts.
As a lineage holder, Vajrasattva is credited with the transmission of Atiyoga
into the human world, appearing in the form of the deva Adhicitta (lhag-sems
can) before Prahevajra (dga’-rab rdo-rje) in a vision. According to the Great
Perfection, Vajrasattva is sometimes used synonymously to indicate the
Buddha-body of Reality, and as such is identical to Samantabhadra.
Vajrayāna rdo-rje’i theg-pa
See Vehicle of Indestructible Reality.
Vehicle theg-pa, Skt. yāna
The term ‘vehicle’ suggests a dynamic momentum leading to the attainment of
nirvāṇa. Although from one standpoint there may be as many vehicles as there
are thoughts arising in the mind, the sacred teachings are classified into distinct
vehicles according to their power. Accordingly, the expression ‘two vehicles’
refers to the distinction between the Lesser Vehicle and the Greater Vehicle, the
expression ‘three Vehicles’ or ‘three causal vehicles’ refers to the vehicles of
pious attendants, hermit buddhas and bodhisattvas. The division into ‘nine
vehicles’, which corresponds to the Nyingma classification, includes the three
causal vehicles of the pious attendants, hermit buddhas and bodhisattvas, and
the six resultant vehicles of Kriyātantra, Ubhayatantra, Yogatantra, Mahāyoga,
Anuyoga (rjes-su rnal-’byor-gyi theg-pa), and Atiyoga (shin-tu rnal-’byor-gyi
theg-pa).
Vehicle of Indestructible Reality rdo-rje’i theg-pa, Skt. Vajrayāna
The Vehicle of Indestructible Reality comprises, in the Nyingma classification,
the six resultant vehicles of the tantras, so-called because the indestructible and
imperishable realities of buddha-body, speech and mind are fully realised and
manifested when the continuum of the ground is transformed into the
continuum of the result by means of the continuum of the path. See under
Tantra. It is also known as the Vehicle of Secret Mantras (Skt.
Guhyamantrayāna) because engaging in this path ensures the protection of the
mind from dualistic perceptions and conceptions. See Mantra.
Vidyādhara rig-’dzin
See under Awareness Holder.
Vinaya ’dul-ba
The Sanskrit term vinaya, literally meaning ‘discipline’, refers to the monastic
discipline maintained by members of the Buddhist community, including the
ethical codes which regulate the life of fully ordained monks and nuns, as well
as probationary nuns, novice monks and nuns, and male and female laity. The
collection of Śākyamuni Buddha’s discourses which elucidate and define the
principles of these ethical codes (including the administrative guidelines for
running a monastery) is known as the vinayapiṭaka, which is one of the three
primary collections of discourses comprising the Buddhist canon (Skt. tripiṭaka).
Based on different interpretations relating to the subtler points of the Buddha’s
discourses on vinaya, there emerged, in ancient India, several distinct schools,
including the Sthaviravāda, Sarvāstivāda, Mahāsaṅghika and Sammitῑya. The
vinaya tradition which became predominant in Tibet is that of the
Sarvāstivādins. See Vows and Prātimokṣa.
Virtuous Action dge-ba, Skt. kuśala
Both virtue and its opposite, non-virtue (Skt. akuśala, Tib. mi-dge-ba) are
defined in terms of both motivation and the consequences of the action. In order
for an action to be defined as either virtuous or non-virtuous, there are certain
prerequisite features which must be present. These are: motivation, the actual
execution of the act, and the conclusion. An act is non-virtuous if it is: 1)
motivated by negative intentions; 2) committed by the agent in a sane mind and
with full knowledge; and 3) the person derives a sense of satisfaction from
having accomplished the act. Such actions can be physical, verbal, or mental.
Broadly speaking, non-virtuous actions are categorised into the following ten
types: killing, stealing, and sexual misconduct (which are the three physical
actions); lying, divisive speech, harsh speech, and meaningless gossip (which are
the four verbal actions); and covetousness, harmful intent, and distorted views
(which are the three mental actions). An act is considered virtuous if it either
passively refrains from the ten recognised types of non-virtuous action, or
actively engages in acts for the sake of others with an altruistic motivation.
Visionary Appearances snang-ba
According to the terminology of the Great Perfection, there are four successive
visionary appearances experienced through the practice of All-surpassing
Realisation (thod-rgal). These are: the visionary appearance of the direct
perception of reality (chos-nyid mngon-sum-gyi snang-ba), the visionary
appearance of increasing contemplative experience (nyams gong-’phel-ba’i
snang-ba), the visionary appearance of reaching the limit of awareness (rig-pa
tshad-phebs-kyi snang-ba), and the visionary appearance of the cessation of
clinging to reality (chos-nyid-du ’dzin-pa zad-pa’i snang-ba).
Vital Energy rlung, Skt. vāyu
In the tantras and related medical traditions, it is said that there are ten kinds of
vital energy or subtle winds which flow through the 72,000 energy channels
(Skt. nāḍῑ) of the body. These sustain life and include the energies which support
various conceptual states within the individual’s mind. At the subtlest level,
subtle mind and vital energy are thought of as a single entity. The ten kinds of
vital energy comprise: five inner vital energies (nang-gi rlung lnga) which
influence the body’s inner motility, and five outer vital energies (phyi-’i rlung
lnga) which have specific effects on the outward motility of the body. The
former are the vital energies associated with the five elements (earth, water, fire,
wind, space) and their respective colour-tones (yellow, white, red, green, blue).
The latter comprise life-breath (Skt. prāṇa, Tib. srog-’dzin), muscular movement
(Skt. vyāna), digestion (Skt. samāna), semiotic/vocal movement (Skt. udāna),
and reproduction/waste disposal (Skt. apāna). The movement of vital energy
through the energy channels of the subtle body is refined in the context of the
perfection stage of meditation. Ordinarily, in the case of individuals who have
not cultivated such practices, both vital energy and subtle mind are diffused via
the right and left energy channels and thereby come to permeate the entire
network of the body’s minor channels. This dissipated vital energy is known as
the vital energy of past actions (las-kyi rlung) because it is activated by
dissonant mental states, and the influence of past actions predominates,
obscuring the inner radiance of the subtle mind. However, when the practices
of the perfection stage of meditation are applied, the knots which block their
combined movement through the energy centres (Skt. cakra) located on the
central energy channel are untied and both vital energy and subtle mind enter,
abide and dissolve within the central energy channel of the body (Skt. avadhūti)
and then the non-conceptual inner radiance arises, for which reason it becomes
known as the vital energy of pristine cognition (ye-shes-kyi rlung). On a
physical level, it is important, according to the Tibetan medical tradition, that
vital energy remains in balance with bile and phlegm, which are collectively
known as the three humours, if sound health is to be maintained.
Vows [of Buddhism] sdom-pa, Skt. saṃvara
Sets of precepts or injunctions voluntarily adopted in the course of Buddhist
practice which facilitate an individual’s progress on the path to enlightenment.
These include short-term vows, such as the one-day vows, lifelong vows, such as
the monastic vows of a fully ordained monk or nun, and perpetual vows
associated with the Greater Vehicle, which are to be maintained over a
succession of lifetimes. All such vows may be subsumed within three categories:
the monastic vows of the prātimokṣa, the special vows of the bodhisattvas, and
the special commitments (Skt. samaya) undertaken by practitioners of the
tantras. See Prātimokṣa and Commitment. The special vows of the
bodhisattvas, exemplified by the Sūtra of Ākāśagarbha, extol that bodhisattvas
must be careful to maintain their altruistic vows, expressed in the verses of the
four immeasurable aspirations, and to avoid nineteen specifically enumerated
root downfalls (Skt. mūlāpatti) and forty-six transgressions (Skt. duṣkṛta). In
all schools of Tibetan Buddhism, the prātimokṣa and bodhisattva vows and the
commitments of the tantras are fully integrated.
Vows of the Buddhist Laity dge-bsnyen-gyi sdom-pa
See under Prātimokṣa.
Water Libation chu-gtor
A specific purificatory offering of water, the rites of which were introduced to
Tibet from India by Atiśa during the eleventh century.
Way of Secret Mantras gsang-sngags[kyi theg-pa], Skt. Guhyamantrayāna
The ‘way of secret mantras’ is a synonym for the Vehicle of Indestructible
Reality (Skt. Vajrayāna).
Wind rlung, Skt. vāyu
See Vital Energy.
World-system ’jig-rten-gyi khams, Skt. lokadhātu
See Three World-systems.
Wrath drag-po’i las, Skt. maraṇakriyā
One of the four aspects of enlightened activity. The concept of wrath in the
context of Buddhist tantra should not be understood in terms of even the subtlest
egocentric violence or fierceness. Wrath here refers to the natural transformative
process of buddha-mind, the aggressive natural transformation of the deep
seated conditioning which underlies mundane deluded consciousness and the
concomitant psycho-physical aggregates, elemental properties, and sensory
and mental processes. See Four Aspects of Enlightened Activity and Appendix
Two.
Wrathful Deities khro-bo’i lha-tshogs
See Appendix Two.
Yakṣa gnod-sbyin A class of spirits of Indian origin who assume both male
(yakṣa) and female (yakṣiṇῑ) forms. Frequently depicted as holding choppers,
cleavers, and swords, they are said to inhabit mountainous areas and sylvan
groves, and if propitiated in the context of a means for attainment (Skt.
sādhana), they may confer the common accomplishment of swift-footedness.
The Tibetan equivalent gnod-sbyin literally means ‘granting harm’, emphasising
their more malign attributes.
Yama gshin-rje
See under Yama Dharmarāja.
Yama Dharmarāja gshin-rje chos-kyi rgyal-po
The embodiment of the forces of impermanence and the infallible laws of cause
and effect. His fierce form is iconographically depicted holding the wheel of
life’s rebirth processes (bhavacakra, Tib. srid-pa’i ’khor-lo) within his jaws,
indicating that the nature of cyclic existence is in its entirety bound by
impermanence and the laws of cause and effect. In the context of the
intermediate state of rebirth (srid-pa’i bar-do) he personifies the process of
confronting in death the nature of one’s past life’s actions and, based on the
natural laws of cause and effect, he personifies the process of ‘judgement’ that
determines the consequential outcome of such past actions. See Chapters 11 and
13 and the Introduction. Yama Dharmarāja is also the sixth of the six sages
(thub-pa drug), who form one subcategory within the assembly of the forty-two
peaceful deities. See Appendix Two.
Yeshe Tsogyal ye-shes mtsho-rgyal
Padmasambhava’s innermost Tibetan consort who became accomplished in the
maṇḍala of Vajrakῑla. She compiled many of Padmasambhava’s oral teachings
and concealed them throughout Tibet in the form of treasures (gter-ma) to be
discovered by later generations.
Yoga rnal-’byor
The Sanskrit word yoga, literally meaning ‘union’, is interpreted in Tibetan to
mean ‘union with the fundamental nature of reality’. In Buddhism, therefore,
yoga refers to the methods through which the meditator unites with the qualities
of the meditational deity in the context of the generation stage, and the nature
of fundamental reality during the perfection stage, of meditation. In terms of
the latter, it includes mental and physical practices, which refine the energy
channels, and mature control of the vital energies and seminal points within
the subtle body. These practices cultivate discriminative awareness, and the
coalescence of emptiness respectively with the four delights, with inner
radiance, and with non-conceptualisation.
Yogatantra rnal-’byor-gi rgyud
The third of the three outer classes of tantra, which form one subcategory of the
six classes of tantra, and the sixth of the nine vehicles, according to the
Nyingma school of Tibetan Buddhism. Yogatantra emphasises meditation, rather
than external ritual, and here, the meditator progressively refines an
identification with the meditational deity.
Yogic Exercises khrul-’khor, Skt. yantra
A series of vigorous exercises, including yogic jumps (’bebs), performed in
conjunction with specific visualisations and breathing techniques, which enable
the meditator to develop the physical flexibility necessary for the subtle
meditative practices of the perfection stage of meditation.
Yogic Jumps ’bebs
See under Yogic Exercises.
Yogin rnal-’byor-pa
According to the Tibetan definition, a yogin is defined as ‘one who seeks to unite
with the fundamental nature of reality’. In other words, a yogin is one who
intensively follows the spiritual paths outlined in the generation and perfection
stages of meditation, as well as the Great Perfection.
Yoginī rnal-’byor-ma
A female yogin. In the context of the present work, the term most frequently
refers to the twenty-eight Īśvarῑ who form one subcategory of the fifty-eight
wrathful deities. See Appendix Two.
Thematic Index by Chap