[0:00] Insert
[0:09] Side A
[25:24] Side B

🌊 [원초적 파동의 극대화] Tantric Nyingma Chant of Tibet (Chimed Rigdzin Rinpoche)

특징: 서양의 유명 아방가르드 아티스트인 데이비드 티벳(David Tibet)이 티벳의 전설적인 고승 치메 릭진 린포체(Chimed Rigdzin Rinpoche)의 챈팅을 스튜디오에서 날 것 그대로 녹음한 앨범이야. 구루 린포체를 향한 기도문들이 다듬어지지 않은 가장 원초적인 소리로 담겨 있어.

비유: 스피커에서 흘러나오는 소리가 아니라, 내 눈앞에서 거대한 폭포수가 쏟아져 내리며 뇌의 찌꺼기들을 물리적으로 다 씻어내 버리는 듯한 강렬한 타격감을 줘. 에고(Ego)를 강하게 깨부수고 싶을 때 들으면 최고야.

Album insert 

CURRENT 93 
present 
TANTRIC rNying.ma CHANT OF TIBET 
by 
THE VENERABLE 'CHI.MED RIG. 'DZIN LAMA, RINPOCHE
 
SIDE BLACK 
Invocation of Yum Chenmo 
Request for Blessing from Dorje Pagmo 
Offering of the Body, Kandro Gajan by Jigme Lingpa 
Verses on Cause and Effect 
Dedication of Merit 

SIDE RED 
Reminder About Impermanence, Mitag Gyudkul by Rigdzin Godem 
Prayer To Guru Rinpoche 
Visualization of a Wrathful form of Guru Rinpoche, Dorje Dragpo Tsal Dag Kye 
Prayer to Guru Rinpoche, Tsigdun Soldeb 
Invocation of the Deities, Chandran 
Receiving Blessing, Chinbeb 
Prayer to Yidams, and Dharma Protectors, Chodpai Trinpung by Nuden Dorje 
Dedication of Merit 

THE VENERABLE 'CHI.MED RIG. 'DZIN LAMA, RINPOCHE 
Chimed Rigzin Rinpoche is the fourth incarnation of Nuden Dorje Drophan Lingpa Drolo Tsal, who was a great Terton or revealer of treasures. These are not worldly treasures but are spiritual texts and objects hidden in the eighth century by Padma Sambhava, the great Yogi who introduced Tantric Buddhism to Tibet. 

Having received a full education in all aspects of Tibetan Buddhism he left his monastery, Khordong Gompa, at the age of eighteen, to fulfill the instructions of his root guru Tulku Tsorlo. Rinpoche went to India where he spent three and a half years in retreat at Tso Pema. He later taught for many years at Visva-Bharati University in West Bengal. 

Throughout his stay in India he continued his spiritual practice of daily meditation, ritual worship on the appropriate days and teaching whoever showed interest. 

Chimed Rigdzin Rinpoche is a Tantric non-celibate Lama as is common in the Nyingma tradition to which he belongs. He is familiar with the problems of work and relationships which are so troublesome in modern times and is skilled in teaching Buddhist methods for dealing with them. He has worked with many western scholars and has translated many volumes of the ritual texts of his Byangter and Khordong lineages. In 1985, at the age of 64, he returned to Tibet after an absence of forty six years. He found his monastery in ruins after the Cultural Revolution. Though there was much interest from the local people in reviving the spiritual traditions of the area there are no texts for them to study. And so Rinpoche has set about reprinting all the lineage texts. 

Anyone interested in meeting Rinpoche on his frequent trips to Europe or in helping him with his printing and translation work can write to him at 
co Choying Photrang, BM WOUND, LONDON WC1N 3XX, UK. 

I would especially like to thank the following people for their assistance in this project 
James Low for the notes and much more Barbara Terris, Steven Stapleton for the cover, 
Dik for studio work, Josianne (Inquire Within) for videoing Rinpoche, Hilmar Om Hilmarrson, 
Gunna Sigga, Asi, Chrystal, Rosy Abelisk, Ruth Bayer for the photograph, Ngakpa Chögyam for the line drawing, 
and, of course, Rinpoche himself for all that he has done for us. This is a Maldoror release, 
MAL 111. We dedicate all merit that may be gained from this record to the welfare and 
enlightenment of all sentient beings. May all be happy. 
All profit will go to the rebuilding of Khordong Gompa. 
Chimed SangyasDavid Michael Tibet London 4X1988